source	type	name_source	name	description
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Κοῖος (Koîos)	Coeus	Titan of intellect and the axis of heaven around which the constellations revolved.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Κρεῖος (Kreîos)	Crius	The least individualized of the Twelve Titans, he is the father of Astraeus, Pallas, and Perses. Implied to be the Titan of constellations.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Κρόνος (Kronos)	Cronus	Titan of harvests and personification of destructive time. The leader of the Titans, who overthrew his father Uranus only to be overthrown in turn by his son, Zeus. Not to be confused with Chronos.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Ὑπερίων (Hyperíōn)	Hyperion	Titan of light. With Theia, he is the father of Helios (the sun), Selene (the moon), and Eos (the dawn).
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Ἰαπετός (Iapetós)	Iapetus	Titan of mortality and father of Prometheus, Epimetheus, Menoetius, and Atlas.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Mνημοσύνη (Mnēmosýnē)	Mnemosyne	Titaness of memory and remembrance, and mother of the Nine Muses.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Ὠκεανός (Ōceanós)	Oceanus	Titan of the all-encircling river Oceans around the earth, the fount of all the Earth's fresh-water.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Φοίβη (Phoíbē)	Phoebe	Titaness of the "bright" intellect and prophecy, and consort of Koios.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Ῥέα (Rhéa)	Rhea	Titaness of fertility, motherhood and the mountain wilds. She is the sister and consort of Cronus, and mother of Zeus, Hades, Poseidon, Hera, Demeter, and Hestia.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Τηθύς (Tēthýs)	Tethys	Titaness of fresh-water, and the mother of the rivers, springs, streams, fountains, and clouds.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Θεία (Theía)	Theia	Titaness of sight and the shining light of the clear blue sky. She is the consort of Hyperion, and mother of Helios, Selene, and Eos.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Θέμις (Thémis)	Themis	Titaness of divine law and order.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Ἀστερία (Astería)	Asteria	Titaness of nocturnal oracles and falling stars.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Ἀστραῖος (Astraîos)	Astraeus	Titan of dusk, stars, and planets, and the art of astrology.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Ἄτλας (Átlas)	Atlas	Titan forced to carry the heavens upon his shoulders by Zeus. Also Son of Iapetus.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Αὔρα (Aúra)	Aura	Titaness of the breeze and the fresh, cool air of early morning.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Κλυμένη (Clyménē)	Clymene	Titaness of renown, fame, and infamy, and wife of Iapetus.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Διώνη (Diṓnē)	Dione	Titaness of the oracle of Dodona.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Ἥλιος (Hḗlios)	Helios	Titan of the sun and guardian of oaths.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Σελήνη (Selḗnē)	Selene	Titaness of the moon.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Ἠώς (Ēṓs)	Eos	Titaness of the dawn.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Ἐπιμηθεύς (Epimētheús)	Epimetheus	Titan of afterthought and the father of excuses.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Εὐρυβία (Eurybía)	Eurybia	Titaness of the mastery of the seas and consort of Krios.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Εὐρυνόμη (Eurynómē)	Eurynome	Titaness of water-meadows and pasturelands, and mother of the three Charites by Zeus.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Λήλαντος (Lēlantos)	Lelantos	The Titan father of the nymph Aura
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Λητώ (Lētṓ)	Leto	Titaness of motherhood and mother of the twin Olympians, Artemis and Apollo.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Μενοίτιος (Menoítios)	Menoetius	Titan of violent anger, rash action, and human mortality. Killed by Zeus.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Μῆτις (Mē̂tis)	Metis	Titaness of good counsel, advice, planning, cunning, craftiness, and wisdom. Mother of Athena.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Ὀφίων (Ophíōn)	Ophion	An elder Titan, in some versions of the myth he ruled the Earth with his consort Eurynome before Cronus overthrew him. Another account describes him as a snake, born from the "World Egg"
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Πάλλας (Pállas)	Pallas	Titan of warcraft. He was killed by Athena during the Titanomachy.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Πέρσης (Pérsēs)	Perses	Titan of destruction.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Προμηθεύς (Promētheús)	Prometheus	Titan of forethought and crafty counsel, and creator of mankind.
Greek	The Twelve Titans	Στύξ (Stýx)	Styx	Titaness of the Underworld river Styx and personification of hatred.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Ἀχλύς (Akhlýs)	Achlys	The goddess of poisons, and the personification of misery and sadness. Said to have existed before Chaos itself.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Αἰών (Aiôn)	Aion	The god of eternity, personifying cyclical and unbounded time. Sometimes equated with Chronos.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Αἰθήρ (Aithḗr)	Aether	The god of light and the upper atmosphere.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Ἀνάγκη (Anánkē)	Ananke	The goddess of inevitability, compulsion, and necessity.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Χάος (Cháos)	Chaos	The personification of nothingness from which all of existence sprang. Depicted as a void. Initially genderless, later on described as female.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Χρόνος (Chrónos)	Chronos	The god of empirical time, sometimes equated with Aion. Not to be confused with the Titan Cronus (Kronos), the father of Zeus.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Ἔρεβος (Érebos)	Erebus	The god of darkness and shadow.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Ἔρως (Eros)	Eros	The god of love and attraction.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Ἡμέρα (Hēméra)	Hemera	The goddess of day.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Ὕπνος (Hypnos)	Hypnos	The personification of sleep.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Γαῖα (Gaîa)	Gaia (Gaea)	Personification of the Earth (Mother Earth); mother of the Titans.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Νέμεσις (Némesis)	Nemesis	The goddess of retribution.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Nῆσοι (Nē̂soi)	The Nesoi	The goddesses of the islands and sea.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Νύξ (Nýx)	Nyx	The goddess of night.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Οὐρανός (Ouranós)	Uranus	The god of the heavens (Father Sky); father of the Titans.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Οὔρεα (Oúrea)	The Ourea	The gods of mountains.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Φάνης (Phánēs)	Phanes	The god of procreation in the Orphic tradition.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Πόντος (Póntos)	Pontus	The god of the sea, father of the fish and other sea creatures.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Τάρταρος (Tártaros)	Tartarus	The god of the deepest, darkest part of the underworld, the Tartarean pit (which is also referred to as Tartarus itself).
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Θάλασσα (Thálassa)	Thalassa	Personification of the sea and consort of Pontus.
Greek	Ancient Greek name	Θάνατος (Thánatos)	Thanatos	God of Death. Brother to Hypnos (Sleep) and in some cases Moros (Doom)
Greek	Deity			Aphrodite (Ἀφροδίτη, Aphroditē) Goddess of beauty, love, desire, and pleasure. In Hesiod's Theogony (188–206), she was born from sea-foam and Uranus's severed genitals; in Homer's Illiad (5.370–417), she is daughter of Zeus and Dione. She was married to Hephaestus, but bore him no children. She had many lovers, most notably Ares, to whom she bore Harmonia, Phobos, and Deimos. She was also a lover to Adonis and Anchises, to whom she bore Aeneas. She is usually depicted as a naked or semi-nude beautiful woman. Her symbols include myrtle, roses, and the scallop shell. Her sacred animals include doves and sparrows. Her Roman counterpart is Venus.[1]
Greek	Deity			Apollo (Ἀπόλλων, Apóllōn) God of music, arts, knowledge, healing, plague, prophecy, poetry, manly beauty, and archery. He is the son of Zeus and Leto, and the twin brother of Artemis. Both Apollo and Artemis use a bow and arrow. Apollo is depicted as young, beardless, handsome and athletic. In myth, he can be cruel and destructive, and his love affairs are rarely happy. He is often accompanied by the Muses. His most famous temple is in Delphi, where he established his oracular shrine. His signs and symbols include the laurel wreath, bow and arrow, and lyre. His sacred animals include roe deer, swans, and pythons. Some late Roman and Greek poetry and mythography identifies him as a sun-god, equivalent to Roman Sol and Greek Helios.[2]
Greek	Deity			Ares (Ἄρης, Árēs) God of war, bloodshed, and violence. The son of Zeus and Hera, he was depicted as a beardless youth, either nude with a helmet and spear or sword, or as an armed warrior. Homer portrays him as moody and unreliable, and as being the most unpopular god on earth and Olympus (Iliad 5.890–1). He generally represents the chaos of war in contrast to Athena, a goddess of military strategy and skill. Ares is known for cuckolding his brother Hephaestus, conducting an affair with his wife Aphrodite. His sacred animals include vultures, venomous snakes, dogs, and boars. His Roman counterpart Mars by contrast was regarded as the dignified ancestor of the Roman people.[3]
Greek	Deity			Artemis (Ἄρτεμις, Ártemis) Virgin goddess of the hunt, wilderness, animals, young girls, childbirth, and plague. In later times, Artemis became associated with bows and arrows. She is the daughter of Zeus and Leto, and twin sister of Apollo. In art she is often depicted as a young woman dressed in a short knee-length chiton and equipped with a hunting bow and a quiver of arrows. Her attributes include hunting spears, animal pelts, deer and other wild animals. Her sacred animals include deer, bears, and wild boars. Her Roman counterpart is Diana.[4]
Greek	Deity			Athena (Ἀθηνᾶ, Athēnâ) Goddess of reason, wisdom, intelligence, skill, peace, warfare, battle strategy, and handicrafts. According to most traditions, she was born from Zeus's forehead, fully formed and armored. She is depicted as being crowned with a crested helm, armed with shield and spear, and wearing the aegis over a long dress. Poets describe her as "grey-eyed" or having especially bright, keen eyes. She is a special patron of heroes such as Odysseus. She is the patron of the city Athens (which was named after her) and is attributed to various inventions in arts and literature. Her symbol is the olive tree. She is commonly shown as being accompanied by her sacred animal, the owl. Her Roman counterpart is Minerva.[5]
Greek	Deity			Demeter (Δημήτηρ, Dēmētēr) Goddess of grain, agriculture, harvest, growth, and nourishment. Demeter, whose Roman counterpart is Ceres, is a daughter of Cronus and Rhea, and was swallowed and then regurgitated by her father. She is a sister of Zeus, by whom she bore Persephone, who is also known as Kore, i.e. "the girl." One of the central myths associated with Demeter involves Hades' abduction of Persephone and Demeter's lengthy search for her. Demeter is one of the main deities of the Eleusinian Mysteries, in which the rites seemed to center around Demeter's search for and reunion with her daughter, which symbolized both the rebirth of crops in spring and the rebirth of the initiates after death. She is depicted as a mature woman, often crowned and holding sheafs of wheat and a torch.[6] Her symbols are the cornucopia, wheat-ears, the winged serpent, and the lotus staff. Her sacred animals include pigs and snakes.
Greek	Deity			Dionysus (Διόνυσος, Diónysos)/Bacchus (Βάκχος, Bákkhos) God of wine, fruitfulness, parties, festivals, madness, chaos, drunkenness, vegetation, ecstasy, and the theater. He is the twice-born son of Zeus and Semele, in that Zeus snatched him from his mother's womb and stitched Dionysius into his own thigh and carried him until he was ready to be born. In art he is depicted as either an older bearded god (particularly before 430 BC) or an effeminate, long-haired youth (particularly after 430 BC). His attributes include the thyrsus, a drinking cup, the grape vine, and a crown of ivy. He is often in the company of his thiasos, a group of attendants including satyrs, maenads, and his old tutor Silenus. The consort of Dionysus was Ariadne. It was once held that Dionysius was a later addition to the Greek pantheon, but the discovery of Linear B tablets confirm his status as a deity from an early period. Bacchus was another name for him in Greek, and came into common usage among the Romans.[7] His sacred animals include dolphins, serpents, tigers, and donkeys.
Greek	Deity			Hades (ᾍδης, Hádēs)/Pluto (Πλούτων, Ploutōn) King of the underworld and the dead. God of wealth. His consort is Persephone. His attributes are the drinking horn or cornucopia, key, sceptre, and the three-headed dog Cerberus. His sacred animals include the screech owl. He was one of three sons of Cronus and Rhea, and thus sovereign over one of the three realms of the universe, the underworld. As a chthonic god, however, his place among the Olympians is ambiguous. In the mystery religions and Athenian literature, Plouton ("the Rich one") was his preferred name, because of the idea that all riches came from the earth. The term Hades was used in this literature to refer to the underworld itself. The Romans translated Plouton as Dis Pater ("the Rich Father") or Pluto.[8]
Greek	Deity			Hephaestus (Ἥφαιστος, Hḗphaistos) God of fire, metalworking, and crafts. Either the son of Zeus and Hera or Hera alone, he is the smith of the gods and the husband of the adulterous Aphrodite. He was usually depicted as a bearded, crippled man with hammer, tongs, and anvil, and sometimes riding a donkey. His sacred animals include the donkey, the guard dog, and the crane. Among his creations was the armor of Achilles. Hephaestus used the fire of the forge as a creative force, but his Roman counterpart Vulcan was feared for his destructive potential and associated with the volcanic power of the earth.
Greek	Deity			Hera (Ἥρα, Hḗra) Queen of the gods, and goddess of marriage, women, childbirth, heirs, kings, and empires. She is the wife and sister of Zeus, and the daughter of Cronus and Rhea. She was usually depicted as a regal woman in the prime of her life, wearing a diadem and veil and holding a lotus-tipped staff. Although she is the goddess of marriage, Zeus's many infidelities drive her to jealousy and vengefulness. Her sacred animals include the heifer, the peacock, and the cuckoo. Her Roman counterpart is Juno.
Greek	Deity			Hermes (Ἑρμῆς, Hērmēs) God of boundaries, travel, communication, trade, language, and writing. Hermes was also responsible for protecting livestock and presided over the spheres associated with fertility, music, luck, and deception. [9] The son of Zeus and Maia, Hermes is the messenger of the gods, and a psychopomp who leads the souls of the dead into the afterlife. He was depicted either as a handsome and athletic beardless youth, or as an older bearded man. His attributes include the herald's wand or caduceus, winged sandals, and a traveler's cap. His sacred animals include the tortoise. His Roman counterpart is Mercury.
Greek	Deity			Hestia (Ἑστία, Hestía) Virgin goddess of the hearth, home, and chastity. She is a daughter of Rhea and Cronus, and a sister of Zeus. Not often identifiable in Greek art, she appeared as a modestly veiled woman. Her symbols are the hearth and kettle. In some accounts, she gave up her seat as one of the Twelve Olympians in favor of Dionysus, and she plays little role in Greek myths. Her Roman counterpart Vesta, however, was a major deity of the Roman state.
Greek	Deity			Poseidon (Ποσειδῶν, Poseidōn) God of the sea, rivers, floods, droughts, and earthquakes. He is a son of Cronus and Rhea, and the brother of Zeus and Hades. He rules one of the three realms of the universe, as king of the sea and the waters. In art he is depicted as a mature man of sturdy build, often with a luxuriant beard, and holding a trident. His sacred animals include the horse and the dolphin. His wedding with Amphitrite is often presented as a triumphal procession. In some stories he rapes Medusa, leading to her transformation into a hideous Gorgon and also to the birth of their two children, Pegasus and Chrysaor. His Roman counterpart is Neptune.
Greek	Deity			Zeus (Ζεύς, Zeus) King of the gods, ruler of Mount Olympus, and god of the sky, weather, thunder, lightning, law, order, and justice. He is the youngest son of Cronus and Rhea. He overthrew Cronus and gained the sovereignty of heaven for himself. In art he is depicted as a regal, mature man with a sturdy figure and dark beard. His usual attributes are the royal scepter and the lightning bolt. His sacred animals include the eagle and the bull. His Roman counterpart is Jupiter, also known as Jove.
Greek	Gigantes			Alcyoneus (Ἀλκυονεύς), a giant usually considered to be one of the Gigantes, slain by Heracles.
Greek	Gigantes			Chthonius (Χθονιος).
Greek	Gigantes			Damysus (Δάμυσος), the fastest of all the Giants in the Greek mythology.
Greek	Gigantes			Enceladus (Ἐγκέλαδος), typically slain by Athena, said to be buried under Mount Etna in Sicily.
Greek	Gigantes			Mimas (Μίμας), according to Apollodorus, he was killed by Hephaestus, or by others Zeus or Ares.
Greek	Gigantes			Pallas (Πάλλας), according to Apollodorus, he was flayed by Athena, who used his skin as a shield.
Greek	Gigantes			Polybotes (Πολυβώτης), typically slain by Poseidon.
Greek	Gigantes			Porphyrion (Πορφυρίων), one of the leaders of the Gigantes, typically slain by Zeus.
Greek	Gigantes			Thoas/Thoon (Θοων), he was killed by the Moirai.
Greek	Gigantes			Aloadae (Ἀλῳάδαι), twin giants who attempted to climb to Olympus by piling mountains on top of each other.
Greek	Gigantes			Otus or Otos (Ότος)
Greek	Gigantes			Ephialtes (Εφιάλτης)
Greek	Gigantes			Anax (Αναξ) was a giant of the island of Lade near Miletos in Lydia, Anatolia.
Greek	Gigantes			Antaeus (Ἀνταῖος), a Libyan giant who wrestled all visitors to the death until he was slain by Heracles
Greek	Gigantes			Antiphates (Ἀντιφάτης), the king of the man-eating giants known as Laestrygones which were encountered by Odysseus on his travels.
Greek	Gigantes			Argus Panoptes (Ἄργος Πανόπτης), a hundred-eyed giant tasked with guarding over Io
Greek	Gigantes			Asterius (Αστεριος), a Lydian giant.
Greek	Gigantes			Cacus (Κακος), a fire-breathing Latin giant slain by Heracles.
Greek	Gigantes			Cyclopes (Elder), three one-eyed giants who forged the lightning-bolts of Zeus, Trident of Poseidon and Helmet of Hades
Greek	Gigantes			Arges (Ἄργης)
Greek	Gigantes			Brontes (Βρόντης)
Greek	Gigantes			Steropes (Στερόπης)
Greek	Gigantes			Cyclopes (Younger), a tribe of one-eyed, man-eating giants who herded flocks of sheep on the island of Sicily
Greek	Gigantes			Polyphemus (Πολύφημος), a cyclops who briefly captured Odysseus and his men, only to be overcome and blinded by the hero
Greek	Gigantes			The Gegenees (Γηγενέες), a tribe of six-armed giants fought by the Argonauts on Bear Mountain in Mysia
Greek	Gigantes			Geryon (Γηρυων), a three-bodied giant who dwelt on the sunset isle at the ends of the earth. He was slain by Heracles when the hero arrived to fetch the giant's cattle as one of his twelve labours.
Greek	Gigantes			The Hekatonkheires (Ἑκατόγχειρες), or Centimanes (Latin), the Hundred-Handed Ones, giant gods of violent storms and hurricanes. Three sons of Uranus and Gaia, each with their own distinct characters.[11]
Greek	Gigantes			Briareus (Βριάρεως) or Aigaion (Αἰγαίων), The Vigorous
Greek	Gigantes			Cottus (Κόττος), The Furious
Greek	Gigantes			Gyges (Γύγης), The Big-Limbed
Greek	Gigantes			The Laestrygonians (Λαιστρυγόνες), a tribe of man-eating giants encountered by Odysseus on his travels
Greek	Gigantes			Orion (Ὠρίων), a giant huntsman whom Zeus placed among the stars as the constellation of Orion
Greek	Gigantes			Talos (Τάλως), a giant forged from bronze by Hephaestus, and given by Zeus to his lover Europa as her personal protector
Greek	Gigantes			Tityos (Τίτυος), a giant slain by Apollo and Artemis when he attempted to violate their mother Leto.
Greek	Gigantes			Typhon (Τυφῶν), a monstrous immortal storm-giant who attempted to launch an attack on Mt. Olympus but was defeated by the Olympians and imprisoned in the pits of Tartarus
Greek	Spirits			Achlys (Ἀχλύς), spirit of the death-mist, personification of sadness, misery and poison
Greek	Spirits			Adephagia (Ἀδηφαγία), spirit of satiety and gluttony
Greek	Spirits			Adikia (Ἀδικία), spirit of injustice and wrongdoing
Greek	Spirits			Aergia (Ἀεργία), spirit of idleness, laziness, indolence and sloth
Greek	Spirits			Agathodaemon (Ἀγαθοδαίμων), spirit of the vineyards and grainfields. Ensuring good luck, health, and wisdom.
Greek	Spirits			Agon (Ἀγών), spirit of contest, who possessed an altar at Olympia, site of the Olympic Games.
Greek	Spirits			Aidos (Αἰδώς), spirit of modesty, reverence and respect
Greek	Spirits			Aisa (Αἴσα), personification of lot and fate
Greek	Spirits			Alala (Ἀλαλά), spirit of the war cry
Greek	Spirits			Alastor (Ἀλάστωρ), spirit of blood feuds and vengeance
Greek	Spirits			Aletheia (Ἀλήθεια), spirit of truth, truthfulness and sincerity
Greek	Spirits			Algea (Ἄλγεα), spirits of pain and suffering
Greek	Spirits			Achos (Ἄχος) "trouble, distress"
Greek	Spirits			Ania (Ἀνία) "ache, anguish"
Greek	Spirits			Lupe (Λύπη) "pain, grief, sadness"
Greek	Spirits			Alke (Ἀλκή), spirit of prowess and courage
Greek	Spirits			Amechania (Ἀμηχανία), spirit of helplessness and want of means
Greek	Spirits			The Amphilogiai (Ἀμφιλογίαι), spirits of disputes, debate, and contention
Greek	Spirits			Anaideia (Ἀναίδεια), spirit of ruthlessness, shamelessness, and unforgivingness
Greek	Spirits			The Androktasiai (Ἀνδροκτασίαι), spirits of battlefield slaughter
Greek	Spirits			Angelia (Ἀγγελία), spirit of messages, tidings and proclamations
Greek	Spirits			Apate (Ἀπάτη), spirit of deceit, guile, fraud and deception
Greek	Spirits			Apheleia (Ἀφέλεια), spirit of simplicity
Greek	Spirits			Aporia (Ἀπορία), spirit of difficulty, perplexity, powerlessness, and want of means
Greek	Spirits			The Arae (Ἀραί), spirits of curses
Greek	Spirits			Arete (Ἀρετή), spirit of virtue, excellence, goodness, and valour
Greek	Spirits			Atë (Ἄτη), spirit of delusion, infatuation, blind folly, recklessness, and ruin
Greek	Spirits			Bia (Βία "Violence"), the personification of force and raw energy
Greek	Spirits			Caerus (Καιρός), spirit of opportunity
Greek	Spirits			Corus (Κόρος), spirit of surfeit
Greek	Spirits			Deimos (Δεῖμος), spirit of fear, dread, and terror
Greek	Spirits			Dikaiosyne (Δικαιοσύνη), spirit of justice and righteousness
Greek	Spirits			Dike (Δίκη), spirit of justice, fair judgement, and the rights established by custom and law
Greek	Spirits			Dolos (Δόλος), spirit of trickery, cunning deception, craftiness, treachery, and guile
Greek	Spirits			Dysnomia (Δυσνομία), spirit of lawlessness and poor civil constitution
Greek	Spirits			Dyssebeia (Δυσσέβεια), spirit of impiety
Greek	Spirits			Eirene (Εἰρήνη), goddess of peace
Greek	Spirits			Ekecheiria (Ἐκεχειρία), spirit of truce, armistice, and the cessation of all hostilities; honoured at the Olympic Games
Greek	Spirits			Eleos (Ἔλεος), spirit of mercy, pity, and compassion
Greek	Spirits			Elpis (Ἐλπίς), spirit of hope and expectation
Greek	Spirits			Epiphron (Ἐπίφρων), spirit of prudence, shrewdness, thoughtfulness, carefulness, and sagacity
Greek	Spirits			Eris (Ἔρις), spirit of strife, discord, contention, and rivalry
Greek	Spirits			Erotes (ἔρωτες)
Greek	Spirits			Anteros (Ἀντέρως), god of requited love
Greek	Spirits			Eros (Ἔρως), god of love and sexual intercourse
Greek	Spirits			Hedylogos (Ἡδύλογος), god of sweet talk and flattery
Greek	Spirits			Hermaphroditus (Ἑρμαφρόδιτος), god of hermaphrodites, effeminate men and androgyny
Greek	Spirits			Himeros (Ἵμερος), god of sexual desire
Greek	Spirits			Hymen (Ὑμήν) or Hymenaeus (Ὑμεναιος), god of marriage ceremonies, inspiring feasts and song
Greek	Spirits			Pothos (Πόθος), god of sexual longing, yearning, and desire
Greek	Spirits			Eucleia (Εὔκλεια), spirit of good repute and glory
Greek	Spirits			Eulabeia (Εὐλάβεια), spirit of discretion, caution, and circumspection
Greek	Spirits			Eunomia (Εὐνομία), goddess of good order and lawful conduct
Greek	Spirits			Eupheme (Εὐφήμη), spirit of words of good omen, acclamation, praise, applause, and shouts of triumph
Greek	Spirits			Eupraxia (Eὐπραξία), spirit of well-being
Greek	Spirits			Eusebeia (Eὐσέβεια), spirit of piety, loyalty, duty, and filial respect
Greek	Spirits			Euthenia (Εὐθενία), spirit of prosperity, abundance, and plenty
Greek	Spirits			Gelos (Γέλως), spirit of laughter
Greek	Spirits			Geras (Γῆρας), spirit of old age
Greek	Spirits			Harmonia (Ἁρμονία), goddess of harmony and concord
Greek	Spirits			Hebe (Ήβη), goddess of youth
Greek	Spirits			Hedone (Ἡδονή), spirit of pleasure, enjoyment, and delight
Greek	Spirits			Heimarmene (Εἵμαρμένη), personification of share destined by fate
Greek	Spirits			Heracles (Ἡρακλῆς), god of strength
Greek	Spirits			Homados (Ὅμαδος), spirit of the din of battle
Greek	Spirits			Homonoia (Ὁμόνοια), spirit of concord, unanimity, and oneness of mind
Greek	Spirits			Horkos (Ὅρκος), spirit of oaths
Greek	Spirits			Horme (Ὁρμή), spirit of impulse or effort (to do a thing), eagerness, setting oneself in motion, and starting an action
Greek	Spirits			Hybris (Ὕβρις), spirit of outrageous behaviour
Greek	Spirits			Hypnos (Ὕπνος), god of sleep
Greek	Spirits			Ioke (Ἰωκή), spirit of pursuit in battle
Greek	Spirits			Kakia (Kακία), spirit of vice and moral badness
Greek	Spirits			Kalokagathia (Καλοκαγαθία), spirit of nobility
Greek	Spirits			The Keres (Κῆρες), spirit of violent or cruel death
Greek	Spirits			Koalemos (Κοάλεμος), spirit of stupidity and foolishness
Greek	Spirits			Kratos (Κράτος), spirit of strength, might, power, and sovereign rule
Greek	Spirits			Kydoimos (Κυδοιμός), spirit of the din of battle, confusion, uproar, and hubbub
Greek	Spirits			Lethe (Λήθη), spirit of forgetfulness and oblivion, and of the river of the same name
Greek	Spirits			Limos (Λιμός), spirit of hunger and starvation
Greek	Spirits			The Litae (Λιταί), spirits of prayer
Greek	Spirits			Lyssa (Λύσσα), spirit of rage, fury and rabies in animals
Greek	Spirits			The Machai (Μάχαι), spirits of fighting and combat
Greek	Spirits			Mania (Μανία), spirit or spirits of madness, insanity, and frenzy
Greek	Spirits			The Moirai, or "Fates" (Μοίραι)
Greek	Spirits			Clotho (Κλωθώ), the spinner of the life thread
Greek	Spirits			Lachesis (Λάχεσις), the measurer of the life thread
Greek	Spirits			Atropos (Άτροπος), the severer of the life thread
Greek	Spirits			Momus (Μῶμος), spirit of mockery, blame, censure and stinging criticism
Greek	Spirits			Moros (Μόρος), spirit of doom
Greek	Spirits			The Neikea (τὰ Νείκη), spirits of quarrels, feuds and grievances
Greek	Spirits			Nemesis (Νέμεσις), goddess of revenge, balance, righteous indignation, and retribution
Greek	Spirits			Nike (Νίκη), goddess of victory
Greek	Spirits			Nomos (Νόμος), spirit of law
Greek	Spirits			Oizys (Ὀϊζύς), spirit of woe and misery
Greek	Spirits			The Oneiroi (Ὄνειροι), spirits of dreams
Greek	Spirits			Epiales (Ἐπιάλης), spirit of nightmares
Greek	Spirits			Morpheus (Μορφεύς), god of dreams, who takes shape of humans
Greek	Spirits			Phantasos (Φάντασος) spirit of dreams of fantasy, who takes shape of inanimate objects
Greek	Spirits			Phobetor (Φοβήτωρ) or Icelos (Ἴκελος), spirit of nightmares, who takes shape of animals
Greek	Spirits			Palioxis (Παλίωξις), spirit of backrush, flight and retreat from battle
Greek	Spirits			Peitharchia (Πειθαρχία), spirit of discipline
Greek	Spirits			Peitho (Πειθώ), spirit of persuasion and seduction
Greek	Spirits			Penia (Πενία), spirit of poverty and need
Greek	Spirits			Penthus (Πένθος), spirit of grief, mourning, and lamentation
Greek	Spirits			Pepromene (Πεπρωμένη), personification of the destined share, similar to Heimarmene
Greek	Spirits			Pheme (Φήμη), spirit of rumour, report, and gossip
Greek	Spirits			Philophrosyne (Φιλοφροσύνη), spirit of friendliness, kindness, and welcome
Greek	Spirits			Philotes (Φιλότης), spirit of friendship, affection, and sexual intercourse
Greek	Spirits			Phobos (Φόβος), spirit of panic fear, flight, and battlefield rout
Greek	Spirits			The Phonoi (Φόνοι), spirits of murder, killing, and slaughter
Greek	Spirits			Phrike (Φρίκη), spirit of horror and trembling fear
Greek	Spirits			Phthonus (Φθόνος), spirit of envy and jealousy
Greek	Spirits			Pistis (Πίστις), spirit of trust, honesty, and good faith
Greek	Spirits			Poine (Ποίνη), spirit of retribution, vengeance, recompense, punishment, and penalty for the crime of murder and manslaughter
Greek	Spirits			Polemos (Πόλεμος), personification of war
Greek	Spirits			Ponos (Πόνος), spirit of hard labour and toil
Greek	Spirits			Poros (Πόρος), spirit of expediency, the means of accomplishing or providing, contrivance and device
Greek	Spirits			Praxidike (Πραξιδίκη), spirit of exacting justice
Greek	Spirits			Proioxis (Προίωξις), spirit of onrush and battlefield pursuit
Greek	Spirits			Prophasis (Πρόφασις), spirit of excuses and pleas
Greek	Spirits			Ptocheia (Πτωχεία), spirit of beggary
Greek	Spirits			Roma, a female deity who personified the city of Rome
Greek	Spirits			Soter (Σωτήρ), male spirit of safety, preservation, and deliverance from harm
Greek	Spirits			Soteria (Σωτηρία), female personification of safety, preservation, and deliverance from harm
Greek	Spirits			Sophrosyne (Σωφροσύνη), spirit of moderation, self-control, temperance, restraint, and discretion
Greek	Spirits			Techne (Τέχνη), personification of art and skill
Greek	Spirits			Thanatos (Θάνατος), spirit of death and mortality
Greek	Spirits			Thrasos (Θράσος), spirit of boldness
Greek	Spirits			Tyche (Τύχη), goddess of fortune, chance, providence, and fate
Greek	Spirits			Zelos ( Ζῆλος), spirit of eager rivalry, emulation, envy, jealousy, and zeal
Greek	Chthonic deities			Amphiaraus (Ἀμφιάραος), a hero of the war of the Seven Against Thebes who became an oracular spirit of the Underworld after his death
Greek	Chthonic deities			Angelos (Ἄγγελος), a daughter of Zeus and Hera who became an underworld goddess
Greek	Chthonic deities			Askalaphos (Ἀσκάλαφος), the son of Acheron and Orphne who tended the Underworld orchards before being transformed into a screech owl by Demeter
Greek	Chthonic deities			Cerberus (Κέρβερος), the three-headed hound who guarded the gates of Hades
Greek	Chthonic deities			Charon (Χάρων), ferryman of Hades
Greek	Chthonic deities			Cronus (Κρόνος), deposed king of the Titans; after his release from Tartarus he was appointed king of the Island of the Blessed
Greek	Chthonic deities			Empusa (Ἔμπουσα), a monstrous underworld spirit or spirits with flaming hair, the leg of a goat and a leg of bronze. They are also servants of Hecate.
Greek	Chthonic deities			Erebos (Ἔρεβος), the primeval god of darkness, his mists encircled the underworld and filled the hollows of the earth
Greek	Chthonic deities			Erinyes (Ἐρινύες), the Furies, goddesses of retribution, known as "The Kindly Ones"
Greek	Chthonic deities			Alecto (Ἀληκτώ), the unceasing one
Greek	Chthonic deities			Tisiphone (Τισιφόνη), avenger of murder
Greek	Chthonic deities			Megaera (Μέγαιρα), the jealous one
Greek	Chthonic deities			Hecate (Ἑκάτη), goddess of magic, witchcraft, the night, moon, ghosts, and necromancy
Greek	Chthonic deities			Aiakos (Αἰακός), former mortal king of Aegina, guardian of the keys of Hades and judge of the men of Europe
Greek	Chthonic deities			Minos (Μίνως), former mortal king of Crete and judge of the final vote
Greek	Chthonic deities			Rhadamanthys (Ῥαδάμανθυς), former mortal lawmaker and judge of the men of Asia
Greek	Chthonic deities			Keuthonymos (Κευθόνυμος), an Underworld spirit and father of Menoetes
Greek	Chthonic deities			Lamia (Λάμια), a vampiric Underworld spirit or spirits in the train of Hecate
Greek	Chthonic deities			Lampades (Λαμπάδες), torch-bearing Underworld nymphs
Greek	Chthonic deities			Gorgyra (Γοργύρα)
Greek	Chthonic deities			Orphne (Ορφνη), a Lampad nymph of Hades, mother of Askalaphos
Greek	Chthonic deities			Macaria (Μακαρία), daughter of Hades and goddess of blessed death (not to be confused with the daughter of Heracles)
Greek	Chthonic deities			Melinoe (Μελινόη), daughter of Persephone and Zeus who presided over the propitiations offered to the ghosts of the dead
Greek	Chthonic deities			Menoetes (Μενοίτης), an Underworld spirit who herded the cattle of Hades
Greek	Chthonic deities			Mormo (Μορμώ), a fearsome Underworld spirit or spirits in the train of Hecate
Greek	Chthonic deities			Nyx (Νύξ), the primeval goddess of night
Greek	Chthonic deities			Hades (¨Αδης) God of underworld and all things beneath the earth
Greek	Chthonic deities			Persephone (Περσεφόνη), queen of the underworld, wife of Hades and goddess of spring growth
Greek	Chthonic deities
Greek	Chthonic deities			Acheron (Αχέρων), the river of woe
Greek	Chthonic deities			Kokytos (Kωκυτός), the river of wailing
Greek	Chthonic deities			Lethe (Λήθη), the river of forgetfulness
Greek	Chthonic deities			Phlegethon (Φλεγέθων), the river of fire
Greek	Chthonic deities			Styx (Στύξ), the river of hatred and oaths
Greek	Chthonic deities			Tartarus (Τάρταρος), the primeval god of the dark, stormy pit of Hades
Greek	Chthonic deities			Thanatos (Θάνατος), spirit of death and minister of Hades
Greek	Chthonic deities			Zagreus (Ζαγρεύς), an underworld god, possibly a son of Zeus and Persephone
Greek	Sea deities			Aegaeon (Αιγαίων), god of violent sea storms and ally of the Titans
Greek	Sea deities			Achelous (Αχελώος), shark-shaped sea spirit[citation needed]
Greek	Sea deities			Amphitrite (Αμφιτρίτη), sea goddess and consort of Poseidon
Greek	Sea deities			Benthesikyme (Βενθεσικύμη), daughter of Poseidon, who resided in Ethiopia
Greek	Sea deities			Brizo (Βριζώ), patron goddess of sailors, who sent prophetic dreams
Greek	Sea deities			Ceto (Κῆτώ), goddess of the dangers of the ocean and of sea monsters
Greek	Sea deities			Charybdis (Χάρυβδις), a sea monster and spirit of whirlpools and the tide
Greek	Sea deities			Cymopoleia (Κυμοπόλεια), a daughter of Poseidon married to the Giant Briareus
Greek	Sea deities			Delphin (Δέλφιν), the leader of the dolphins, Poseidon placed him in the sky as the constellation Delphin
Greek	Sea deities			Eidothea (Ειδοθέα), prophetic sea nymph and daughter of Proteus
Greek	Sea deities			Glaucus (Γλαῦκος), the fisherman's sea god and oracle
Greek	Sea deities			Gorgons (Γοργόνες), three monstrous sea spirits
Greek	Sea deities			Euryale (Εὐρυάλη)
Greek	Sea deities			Medusa (Μέδουσα), the only mortal of the three
Greek	Sea deities			Stheno (Σθεννώ)
Greek	Sea deities			The Graeae (Γραῖαι), three ancient sea spirits who personified the white foam of the sea; they shared one eye and one tooth between them
Greek	Sea deities			Deino (Δεινώ)
Greek	Sea deities			Enyo (Ενυώ)
Greek	Sea deities			Pemphredo (Πεμφρεδώ)
Greek	Sea deities			The Harpies (Ηάρπυιαι), winged spirits of sudden, sharp gusts of wind
Greek	Sea deities			Aello (Αελλώ) or Aellope (Αελλώπη) or Aellopous (Αελλόπους)
Greek	Sea deities			Celaeno (Κελαινώ)
Greek	Sea deities			Ocypete (Ωκυπέτη) or Ocypode (Ωκυπόδη) or Ocythoe (Ωκυθόη)
Greek	Sea deities			Podarge (Ποδάργη) or Podarke (Ποδάρκη)
Greek	Sea deities			Nicothoe (Νικοθόη)
Greek	Sea deities			Hippocampi (´Ιππόκαμπος), horses of the sea that have the upper-body of a horse and the lower-body of a fish
Greek	Sea deities			The Ichthyocentaurs (Ιχθυοκένταυροι), a race of centaurine sea-gods with the upper bodies of men, the lower fore-parts of horses, ending in the serpentine tails of fish
Greek	Sea deities			Aphros (Άφρος) "sea foam"
Greek	Sea deities			Bythos (Βύθος) "sea depth"
Greek	Sea deities			Karkinos (Καρκίνος), a giant crab who allied itself with the Hydra against Heracles. When it died, Hera placed it in the sky as the constellation Cancer.
Greek	Sea deities			Ladon (Λάδων), a hundred-headed sea serpent who guarded the western reaches of the sea, and the island and golden apples of the Hesperides
Greek	Sea deities			Leucothea (Λευκοθέα), a sea goddess who aided sailors in distress
Greek	Sea deities			Nereides (Νηρηίδες), sea nymphs
Greek	Sea deities			Arethusa (Αρετούσα), a daughter of Nereus who was transformed into a fountain
Greek	Sea deities			Dynamene (Δυναμένη), associated with the might and power of great ocean swells
Greek	Sea deities			Galene (Γαλήνη), goddess of calm seas
Greek	Sea deities			Psamathe (Πσαμάθη), goddess of sand beaches
Greek	Sea deities			Thetis (Θέτις), leader of the Nereids who presided over the spawning of marine life in the sea
Greek	Sea deities			Nereus (Νηρέας), the old man of the sea, and the god of the sea's rich bounty of fish
Greek	Sea deities			Nerites (Νερίτης), a sea spirit who was transformed into a shell-fish by Aphrodite
Greek	Sea deities			Oceanides (Ωκεανίδες), sea nymphs, and patronesses of bodies of fresh water
Greek	Sea deities			Some notable Oceanides include:
Greek	Sea deities			Idyia (Ίδυια), wife of the Colchian king Aeetes, mother of Medea
Greek	Sea deities			Metis, Zeus' first wife, whom Zeus impregnated with Athena and then swallowed.
Greek	Sea deities			Styx, goddess of the river Styx
Greek	Sea deities			For a more complete list, see List of Oceanids
Greek	Sea deities			Oceanus (Ὠκεανός), Titan god of the Earth-encircling river Oceanus (the ocean), the fountain of all the Earth's fresh water
Greek	Sea deities			Palaemon (Παλαίμων), a young sea god who aided sailors in distress
Greek	Sea deities			Phorcys (Φόρκυς), god of the hidden dangers of the deep
Greek	Sea deities			Pontos (Πόντος), primeval god of the sea, father of the fish and other sea creatures
Greek	Sea deities
Greek	Sea deities			Proteus (Πρωτεύς), a shape-shifting, prophetic old sea god, and the herdsman of Poseidon's seals
Greek	Sea deities			Poseidon (Ποσειδῶν), king of the sea and lord of the sea gods; also god of rivers, flood and drought, earthquakes, and horses
Greek	Sea deities			Sangarius (Σαγγάριος), a river-god
Greek	Sea deities			Scylla (Σκύλλα), monstrous sea goddess
Greek	Sea deities			The Sirens (Σειρῆνες), sea nymphs who lured sailors to their death with their song
Greek	Sea deities			Aglaope (Αγλαόπη) or Aglaophonos (Αγλαόφωνος) or Aglaopheme (Αγλαοφήμη)
Greek	Sea deities			Himerope (Ίμερόπη)
Greek	Sea deities			Leucosia (Λευκοσία)
Greek	Sea deities			Ligeia (Λιγεία)
Greek	Sea deities			Molpe (Μολπή)
Greek	Sea deities			Parthenope (Παρθενόπη)
Greek	Sea deities			Peisinoe (Πεισινόη) or Peisithoe (Πεισιθόη)
Greek	Sea deities			Raidne (Ραίδνη)
Greek	Sea deities			Teles (Τέλης)
Greek	Sea deities			Thelchtereia (Θελχτήρεια)
Greek	Sea deities			Thelxiope (Θελξιόπη) or Thelxiepeia (Θελξιέπεια)
Greek	Sea deities			The Telchines (Τελχινες), sea spirits native to the island of Rhodes; the gods killed them when they turned to evil magic
Greek	Sea deities			Actaeus (Ακταίος)
Greek	Sea deities			Argyron (Αργυρών)
Greek	Sea deities			Atabyrius (Αταβύριος)
Greek	Sea deities			Chalcon (Χαλκών)
Greek	Sea deities			Chryson (Χρυσών)
Greek	Sea deities			Damon (Δαμων) or Demonax (Δημώναξ)
Greek	Sea deities			Damnameneus (Δαμναμενεύς)
Greek	Sea deities			Dexithea (Δεξιθέα), mother of Euxanthios by Minos
Greek	Sea deities			Lycos (Λύκος) or Lyktos (Λύκτος)
Greek	Sea deities			Lysagora (Λυσαγόρα)?
Greek	Sea deities			Makelo (Μακελώ)
Greek	Sea deities			Megalesius (Μεγαλήσιος)
Greek	Sea deities			Mylas (Μύλας)
Greek	Sea deities			Nikon (Νίκων)
Greek	Sea deities			Ormenos (Ορμενος)
Greek	Sea deities			Simon (Σίμων)
Greek	Sea deities			Skelmis (Σκελμις)
Greek	Sea deities			Tethys (Τηθύς), Titan goddess of the sources of fresh water, and the mother of the rivers, springs, streams, fountains, and clouds
Greek	Sea deities			Thalassa (Θάλασσα), primeval goddess of the sea and consort of Pontos
Greek	Sea deities			Thaumas (Θαῦμας), god of the wonders of the sea
Greek	Sea deities			Thoosa (Θόοσα), goddess of swift currents
Greek	Sea deities			Triteia (Τριτεια), daughter of Triton and companion of Ares
Greek	Sea deities			Triton (Τρίτων), fish-tailed son and herald of Poseidon
Greek	Sea deities			Tritones (Τρίτωνες), fish-tailed spirits in Poseidon's retinue
Greek	Sky deities
Greek	Sky deities			Achelois (Ἀχελωΐς), "she who washes pain away", a minor moon goddess
Greek	Sky deities			Aeolus (Aiolos) (Αίολος), god of the winds.
Greek	Sky deities			Aether (Αιθήρ), primeval god of the upper air
Greek	Sky deities			Alectrona (Αλεκτρονα), solar goddess of the morning or waking up
Greek	Sky deities			Aparctias (Απαρκτίας), another name for the north wind (not identified with Boreas)
Greek	Sky deities			Apheliotes (Αφηλιώτης), god of the east wind (when Eurus is considered southeast)
Greek	Sky deities			Argestes (Αργέστης), another name for the west or northwest wind
Greek	Sky deities			Caicias (Καικίας), god of the northeast wind
Greek	Sky deities			Circios (Κίρκιος) or Thraskias (Θρασκίας), god of the north-northwest wind
Greek	Sky deities			Euronotus (Ευρονότος), god of the southeast wind
Greek	Sky deities			Lips (Λίψ), god of the southwest wind
Greek	Sky deities			Skeiron (Σκείρων), god of the northwest wind
Greek	Sky deities			Anemoi, (Άνεμοι), gods of the winds
Greek	Sky deities			Boreas (Βορέας), god of the north wind and of winter
Greek	Sky deities			Eurus (Εύρος), god of the unlucky east or southeast wind
Greek	Sky deities			Notus (Νότος) god of the south wind
Greek	Sky deities			Zephyrus (Ζέφυρος), god of the west wind
Greek	Sky deities			Apollo, (Απόλλων), Olympian God of the sun, light, knowledge, music, healing, and the arts
Greek	Sky deities			Artemis, (´Αρτεμις), Olympian Goddess of virgins and young women, of the moon, nature, hunt and the wild animals
Greek	Sky deities			Arke (Άρκη), messenger of the Titans and twin sister of Iris
Greek	Sky deities			Astraios (Ἀστραῖος), Titan god of stars and planets, and the art of astrology
Greek	Sky deities			The Astra Planeti (Αστρα Πλανετοι), gods of the five wandering stars or planets
Greek	Sky deities			Stilbon (Στιλβών), god of Hermaon, the planet Mercury
Greek	Sky deities			Eosphorus (Ηωσφόρος), god of Venus the morning star
Greek	Sky deities			Hesperus (Ἓσπερος), god of Venus the evening star
Greek	Sky deities			Pyroeis (Πυρόεις), god of Areios, the planet Mars
Greek	Sky deities			Phaethon (Φαέθων), god of Dios, the planet Jupiter
Greek	Sky deities			Phaenon (Φαίνων), god of Kronion, the planet Saturn
Greek	Sky deities			Aurai (Αὖραι), nymphs of the cooling breeze
Greek	Sky deities			Aura (Αὖρα), goddess of the breeze and the fresh, cool air of early morning
Greek	Sky deities			Chaos (Χάος), the nothingness from which all else sprang, she also represented the lower atmosphere which surrounded the earth
Greek	Sky deities			Chione (Χιόνη), goddess of snow and daughter of Boreas
Greek	Sky deities			Eos (Ἠώς), Titan goddess of the dawn
Greek	Sky deities			Ersa (Ἕρση), goddess of the morning dew
Greek	Sky deities			Helios (Ἥλιος), Titan god of the sun and guardian of oaths
Greek	Sky deities			Hemera (Ημέρα), primeval goddess of the day
Greek	Sky deities			Hera (Ήρα), Queen of Heaven and goddess of the air and starry constellations
Greek	Sky deities			The Hesperides, (´Εσπερίδες), nymphs that represented a star cluster in the constellation Taurus (Pleiades) and were associated with rain
Greek	Sky deities			Iris (Ίρις), goddess of the rainbow and divine messenger
Greek	Sky deities			Men (Μήν), a lunar deity worshiped in the western interior parts of Anatolia.
Greek	Sky deities			Nephelai (Νεφέλαι), cloud nymphs
Greek	Sky deities			Nyx, (Νύξ), goddess of the night
Greek	Sky deities			Pandia (Πανδία), daughter of Selene and Zeus
Greek	Sky deities			The Pleiades (Πλειάδες), goddesses of the constellation Pleiades and were associated with rain
Greek	Sky deities			Alcyone (Αλκυόνη)
Greek	Sky deities			Sterope (Στερόπη)
Greek	Sky deities			Celaeno (Κελαινώ)
Greek	Sky deities			Electra (Ηλέκτρα)
Greek	Sky deities			Maia (Μαία)
Greek	Sky deities			Merope (Μερώπη)
Greek	Sky deities			Taygete (Ταϋγέτη)
Greek	Sky deities			Sabazios (Σαβάζιος), the nomadic horseman and sky father god of the Phrygians and Thracians
Greek	Sky deities			Selene (Σελήνη), Titan goddess of the moon
Greek	Sky deities			Uranus (Ουρανός), primeval god of the heavens
Greek	Sky deities			Zeus (Ζεύς), King of Heaven and god of the sky, clouds, thunder, and lightning
Greek	Rustic deities
Greek	Rustic deities			Aetna (Αἴτνη), goddess of the volcanic Mount Etna in Sicily
Greek	Rustic deities			Amphictyonis (Αμφικτυονίς), goddess of wine and friendship between nations, a local form of Demeter
Greek	Rustic deities			Anthousai (Ανθούσαι), flower nymphs
Greek	Rustic deities			Aristaeus (Ἀρισταῖος), god of bee-keeping, cheese-making, herding, olive-growing, and hunting
Greek	Rustic deities			Attis (Άττις), vegetation god and consort of Cybele
Greek	Rustic deities			Britomartis (Βριτόμαρτις), Cretan goddess of hunting and nets used for fishing, fowling and the hunting of small game
Greek	Rustic deities			Cabeiri (Κάβειροι), gods or spirits who presided over the Mysteries of the islands of Lemnos and Samothrace
Greek	Rustic deities			Aitnaios (Αιτναιος)
Greek	Rustic deities			Alkon (Αλκων)
Greek	Rustic deities			Eurymedon (Ευρυμεδών)
Greek	Rustic deities			Onnes (Όννης)
Greek	Rustic deities			Tonnes (Τόννης)
Greek	Rustic deities			Centaurs (Κένταυροι), a race of half-man, half-horse beings
Greek	Rustic deities			Asbolus (Άσβολος)
Greek	Rustic deities			Chariclo (Χαρικλώ), wife of the centaur Chiron
Greek	Rustic deities			Chiron (Χείρων), the eldest and wisest of the Centaurs
Greek	Rustic deities			Eurytion (Ευρυτιων)
Greek	Rustic deities			Nessus (Νέσσος), a ferryman at the river Euenus
Greek	Rustic deities			Pholus (Φώλος)
Greek	Rustic deities			The Cercopes (Κέρκοπες), a pair of monkey-like thieves who plagued the land of Lydia in western Anatolia
Greek	Rustic deities			Akmon (Ακμών)
Greek	Rustic deities			Passalos (Πάσσαλος)
Greek	Rustic deities			Chloris (Χλωρίς), goddess of flowers and wife of Zephyrus
Greek	Rustic deities			Comus (Κόμος), god of revelry, merrymaking, and festivity
Greek	Rustic deities			Corymbus (Κόρυμβος), god of the fruit of the ivy
Greek	Rustic deities			The Curetes (Κουρέτες), guardians of infant Zeus on Mount Ida, barely distinguished from the Dactyls and the Corybantes
Greek	Rustic deities			Cybele (Κυβέλη), a Phrygian mountain goddess associated with Rhea
Greek	Rustic deities			Dindymene, is one of the names of Cybele
Greek	Rustic deities			The Dactyls (Δάκτυλοι) "fingers", minor deities originally representing fingers of a hand
Greek	Rustic deities			Acmon (Ακμών)
Greek	Rustic deities			Damnameneus (Δαμναμενεύς)
Greek	Rustic deities			Delas (Δήλας)
Greek	Rustic deities			Epimedes (Επιμήδης)
Greek	Rustic deities			Heracles (not to be confused with the hero Heracles)
Greek	Rustic deities			Iasios (Ιάσιος)
Greek	Rustic deities			Kelmis (Κελμις)
Greek	Rustic deities			Skythes (Σκύθης)
Greek	Rustic deities			companions of Cybele
Greek	Rustic deities			Titias (Τιτίας)
Greek	Rustic deities			Cyllenus (Κύλληνος)
Greek	Rustic deities			Dionysus (Διόνυσος), god of wine, drunken orgies, and wild vegetation
Greek	Rustic deities			Dryades (Δρυάδες), tree and forest nymphs
Greek	Rustic deities			Gaia (Γαία), primeval goddess of the earth
Greek	Rustic deities			Epimeliades (Επιμελίδες), nymphs of highland pastures and protectors of sheep flocks
Greek	Rustic deities			Hamadryades (Αμαδρυάδες), oak tree dryades
Greek	Rustic deities			Hecaterus (Ηεκατερος), minor god of the hekateris — a rustic dance of quickly moving hands — and perhaps of the skill of hands in general
Greek	Rustic deities			Hephaestus (Ήφαιστος), god of metalworking
Greek	Rustic deities			Hermes (Ερμής), god of herds and flocks, of roads and boundary stones, and the god of thieves.
Greek	Rustic deities			The Horae (Ώρες), The Hours, the goddesses of natural order
Greek	Rustic deities			Eunomia (Ευνομία), spirit of good order, and springtime goddess of green pastures
Greek	Rustic deities			Dike (Δίκη), spirit of justice, may have represented springtime growth
Greek	Rustic deities			Eirene (Ειρήνη), spirit of peace and goddess of the springtime
Greek	Rustic deities			The goddesses of springtime growth
Greek	Rustic deities			Thallo (Θαλλώ), goddess of spring buds and shoots, identified with Eirene
Greek	Rustic deities			Auxo (Αυξώ), goddess of spring growth
Greek	Rustic deities			Karpo (Καρπώ), goddess of the fruits of the earth
Greek	Rustic deities			The goddesses of welfare
Greek	Rustic deities			Pherousa (Φέρουσα) "the bringer"
Greek	Rustic deities			Euporie (Ευπορίη) "abundance"
Greek	Rustic deities			Orthosie (Ορθοσίη) "prosperity"
Greek	Rustic deities			The goddesses of the natural portions of time and the times of day
Greek	Rustic deities			Auge (Αυγή), first light of the morning
Greek	Rustic deities			Anatole (Ανατολή) or Anatolia (Ανατολία), sunrise
Greek	Rustic deities			Mousika or Musica (Μουσική), the morning hour of music and study
Greek	Rustic deities			Gymnastika, Gymnastica (Γυμναστίκή) or Gymnasia (Γυμνασία), the morning hour of gymnastics/exercise
Greek	Rustic deities			Nymphe (Νυμφή), the morning hour of ablutions (bathing, washing)
Greek	Rustic deities			Mesembria (Μεσημβρία), noon
Greek	Rustic deities			Sponde (Σπονδή), libations poured after lunch
Greek	Rustic deities			Elete, prayer, the first of the afternoon work hours
Greek	Rustic deities			Akte, Acte (Ακτή) or Cypris (Κυπρίς), eating and pleasure, the second of the afternoon work hours
Greek	Rustic deities			Hesperis (Έσπερίς), evening
Greek	Rustic deities			Dysis (Δύσις), sunset
Greek	Rustic deities			Arktos (Άρκτος), night sky, constellation
Greek	Rustic deities			The goddesses of seasons of the year
Greek	Rustic deities			Eiar (Είαρ), spring
Greek	Rustic deities			Theros (Θέρος), summer
Greek	Rustic deities			Pthinoporon (Φθινόπωρον), autumn
Greek	Rustic deities			Cheimon (Χειμών), winter
Greek	Rustic deities			Korybantes (Κορύβαντες), the crested dancers who worshipped Cybele
Greek	Rustic deities			Damneus (Δαμνεύς) "the one who tames(?)"
Greek	Rustic deities			Idaios (Ιδαίος) "of Mount Ida"
Greek	Rustic deities			Kyrbas (Κύρβας), whose name is probably a variant of Korybas, singular for "Korybantes"
Greek	Rustic deities			Okythoos (Ωκύθοος) "the one running swiftly"
Greek	Rustic deities			Prymneus (Πρυμνεύς) "of lower areas(?)"
Greek	Rustic deities			Pyrrhichos (Πυρῥιχος), god of the rustic dance
Greek	Rustic deities			Ma, a local goddess at Comana in Cappadocia
Greek	Rustic deities			Maenades (μαινάδες), crazed nymphs in the retinue of Dionysus
Greek	Rustic deities			Methe (Μέθη), nymph of drunkenness
Greek	Rustic deities			Meliae (Μελίαι), nymphs of honey and the ash tree
Greek	Rustic deities			Naiades (Ναιάδες), fresh water nymphs
Greek	Rustic deities			Daphne (Δάφνη)
Greek	Rustic deities			Metope (Μετώπη)
Greek	Rustic deities			Minthe (Μίνθη)
Greek	Rustic deities			The Nymphai Hyperboreioi (Νύμφαι Υπερβόρειοι), who presided over aspects of archery
Greek	Rustic deities			Hekaerge (Εκαέργη), represented distancing
Greek	Rustic deities			Loxo (Λοξώ), represented trajectory
Greek	Rustic deities			Oupis (Ουπις), represented aim
Greek	Rustic deities			Oreades (Ὀρεάδες), mountain nymphs
Greek	Rustic deities			Adrasteia (Αδράστεια), a nursemaid of the infant Zeus
Greek	Rustic deities			Echo (Ηχώ), a nymph cursed never to speak except to repeat the words of others
Greek	Rustic deities			The Ourea (Ούρος), primeval gods of mountains
Greek	Rustic deities			The Palici (Παλικοί), a pair of rustic gods who presided over the geysers and thermal springs in Sicily
Greek	Rustic deities			Pan (Πάν), god of shepherds, pastures, and fertility
Greek	Rustic deities			Potamoi (Ποταμοί), river gods
Greek	Rustic deities			Achelous (Αχέλους)
Greek	Rustic deities			Acheron (Αχέρων)
Greek	Rustic deities			Acis (Άκις)
Greek	Rustic deities			Alpheus (Αλφειός)
Greek	Rustic deities			Asopus (Ασωπός)
Greek	Rustic deities			Cladeus (Κλάδεος)
Greek	Rustic deities			Cocytus (Kωκυτός)
Greek	Rustic deities			Eurotas (Ευρώτας)
Greek	Rustic deities			Lethe (λήθη)
Greek	Rustic deities			Nilus (Νείλος)
Greek	Rustic deities			Peneus (Πηνειός)
Greek	Rustic deities			Phlegethon (Φλεγέθων)
Greek	Rustic deities			Scamander (Σκάμανδρος)
Greek	Rustic deities			Styx (Στύξ)
Greek	Rustic deities			Rhea (Ῥέα), the great mother and queen of the mountain wilds
Greek	Rustic deities			Satyrs (Σάτυροι) / Satyress, rustic fertility spirits
Greek	Rustic deities			Krotos (Κρότος), a great hunter and musician who kept the company of the Muses on Mount Helicon
Greek	Rustic deities			Silenus (Σειληνός), an old rustic god of the dance of the wine-press
Greek	Rustic deities			Telete (Τελέτη), goddess of initiation into the Bacchic orgies
Greek	Rustic deities			Zagreus (Ζαγρεύς), in the Orphic mysteries, the first incarnation of Dionysus
Greek	Rustic deities
Greek	Agricultural deities			Adonis (Άδωνις), a life-death-rebirth deity
Greek	Agricultural deities			Aphaea (Αφαία), minor goddess of agriculture and fertility
Greek	Agricultural deities			Ariadne (Ἀριάδνη), goddess of vegetation, mazes, paths, fertility, and wine
Greek	Agricultural deities			Carme (Κάρμη), a Cretan spirit who presided over the harvest festival
Greek	Agricultural deities			Carmanor (Καρμάνωρ), a Cretan harvest god
Greek	Agricultural deities			Chrysothemis (Χρυσόθεμις), goddess of the "Golden Custom", a harvest festival, daughter of Demeter and Carmanor
Greek	Agricultural deities			Cyamites (Κυαμίτης), demi-god of the bean
Greek	Agricultural deities			Demeter (Δημήτηρ), goddess of fertility, agriculture, grain, and harvest
Greek	Agricultural deities			Despoina (Δέσποινη), daughter of Poseidon and Demeter, goddess of mysteries in Arcadia
Greek	Agricultural deities			Dionysus (Διόνυσος), god of viticulture and wine
Greek	Agricultural deities			Eunostus (Εύνοστος), goddess of the flour mill
Greek	Agricultural deities			Hestia (Ἑστία), maiden goddess of the hearth who presided over the baking of bread, mankind's staple food
Greek	Agricultural deities			Persephone (Περσεφόνη), queen of the underworld, wife of Hades and goddess of spring growth
Greek	Agricultural deities			Philomelus (Φιλόμελος), agricultural demi-god inventor of the wagon and the plough
Greek	Agricultural deities			Plutus (Πλοῦτος), god of wealth, including agricultural wealth, son of Demeter
Greek	Agricultural deities			Triptolemus (Τριπτόλεμος), god of farming and agriculture, he brought agriculture to Greece
Greek	Agricultural deities			Health deities[edit]
Greek	Agricultural deities			Apollo (Ἀπόλλων), god of healing and medicine
Greek	Agricultural deities			Asclepius (Ασκληπιός), god of medicine
Greek	Agricultural deities			Aceso (Ἀκεσώ), goddess of the healing of wounds and the curing of illnesses
Greek	Agricultural deities			Aegle (Αἴγλη), goddess of radiant good health
Greek	Agricultural deities			Epione (Ἠπιόνη), goddess of the soothing of pain
Greek	Agricultural deities			Hygieia (Ὑγεία), goddess of cleanliness and good health
Greek	Agricultural deities			Iaso (Ἰασώ), goddess of cures, remedies, and modes of healing
Greek	Agricultural deities			Paean (Παιάν), physician of the gods
Greek	Agricultural deities			Panacea (Πανάκεια), goddess of healing
Greek	Agricultural deities			Telesphorus (Τελεσφόρος), demi-god of convalescence, who "brought to fulfillment" recuperation from illness or injury
Greek	Other deities
Greek	Other deities			Acratopotes (Ἀκρατοπότης), god of unmixed wine
Greek	Other deities			Adrastea (Αδράστεια), a daughter of Ares and Aphrodite, or an epithet of Nemesis
Greek	Other deities			Agdistis (Ἄγδιστις), Phrygian hermaphroditic deity
Greek	Other deities			Alexiares and Anicetus (Αλεξιαρης and Ανικητος), twin sons of Heracles who presided over the defence of fortified towns and citadels
Greek	Other deities			Aphroditus (Ἀφρόδιτος), Cyprian hermaphroditic Aphrodite
Greek	Other deities			Astraea (Αστραία), virgin goddess of justice
Greek	Other deities			Auxesia (Αυξησία) and Damia (Δαμία), two local fertility goddesses
Greek	Other deities			Charites (Χάριτες), goddesses of charm, beauty, nature, human creativity, and fertility
Greek	Other deities			Aglaea (Αγλαΐα), goddess of beauty, adornment, splendor and glory
Greek	Other deities			Euphrosyne (Εὐφροσύνη), goddess of good cheer, joy, mirth, and merriment
Greek	Other deities			Thalia (Θάλεια), goddess of festive celebrations and rich and luxurious banquets
Greek	Other deities			Hegemone (Ηγεμόνη) "mastery"
Greek	Other deities			Antheia (Άνθεια), goddess of flowers and flowery wreaths
Greek	Other deities			Pasithea (Πασιθέα), goddess of rest and relaxation
Greek	Other deities			Cleta (Κλήτα) "the glorious"
Greek	Other deities			Phaenna (Φαέννα) "the shining"
Greek	Other deities			Eudaimonia (Ευδαιμονία) "happiness"
Greek	Other deities			Euthymia (Ευθυμία) "good mood"
Greek	Other deities			Calleis (Καλλείς) "beauty"
Greek	Other deities			Paidia (Παιδία) "play, amusement"
Greek	Other deities			Pandaisia (Πανδαισία) "banquet for everyone"
Greek	Other deities			Pannychis (Παννυχίς) "all-night (festivity)"
Greek	Other deities			Ceraon (Κεραων), demi-god of the meal, specifically the mixing of wine
Greek	Other deities			Chrysus (Χρύσος), spirit of gold
Greek	Other deities			Circe (Κίρκη), goddess-witch of Aeaea
Greek	Other deities			Daemones Ceramici (Δαίμονες Κεραμικοί), five malevolent spirits who plagued the craftsman potter
Greek	Other deities			Syntribos (Σύντριβος), the shatterer
Greek	Other deities			Smaragos (Σμάραγος), the smasher
Greek	Other deities			Asbetos (Ασβετος), the charrer
Greek	Other deities			Sabaktes (Σαβάκτης), the destroyer
Greek	Other deities			Omodamos (Ωμόδαμος), crudebake
Greek	Other deities			Deipneus (Δειπνεύς), demi-god of the preparation of meals, specifically the making of bread
Greek	Other deities			Eiresione (Ειρεσιώνη), personification of the olive branch
Greek	Other deities			Eileithyia (Εἰλείθυια), goddess of childbirth
Greek	Other deities			Enyalius (Ενυάλιος), minor god of war
Greek	Other deities			Enyo (Ἐνυώ), goddess of destructive war
Greek	Other deities			Glycon (Γλύκων), a snake god
Greek	Other deities			Harpocrates (Ἁρποκράτης), god of silence
Greek	Other deities			Hermaphroditus (Ἑρμάφρόδιτός), god of hermaphrodites and effeminate men
Greek	Other deities			Hymenaios (Ὑμέναιος), god of marriage and marriage feasts
Greek	Other deities			Ichnaea (Ιχναία), goddess of tracking
Greek	Other deities			Iynx (Ιύνξ), goddess of the love charm
Greek	Other deities			Matton (Μάττων), demi-god of the meal, specifically the kneading of dough
Greek	Other deities			Muses (Μούσαι), goddesses of music, song and dance, and the source of inspiration to poets
Greek	Other deities			Titan Muses, daughters of Uranus and Gaia
Greek	Other deities			Aoide (Ἀοιδή), muse of song
Greek	Other deities			Arche (Αρχή), muse of origins
Greek	Other deities			Melete (Μελέτη), muse of meditation and practice
Greek	Other deities			Mneme (Μνήμη), muse of memory
Greek	Other deities			Thelxinoe (Θελξινόη), muse "charmer of minds"
Greek	Other deities			Olympian Muses, daughters of Zeus and Mnemosyne
Greek	Other deities			Calliope (Καλλιόπη), muse of epic poetry
Greek	Other deities			Clio (Κλειώ), muse of history
Greek	Other deities			Euterpe (Ευτέρπη), muse of musical poetry
Greek	Other deities			Erato (Ερατώ), muse of lyric poetry
Greek	Other deities			Melpomene (Μελπομένη), muse of tragedy
Greek	Other deities			Polyhymnia (Πολυμνία) or (Πολύμνια), muse of sacred poetry
Greek	Other deities			Terpsichore (Τερψιχόρη), muse of dance and choral poetry
Greek	Other deities			Thalia (Θάλεια), muse of comedy and bucolic poetry
Greek	Other deities			Urania (Ουρανία), muse of astronomy
Greek	Other deities			Muses worshiped at Delphi, daughters of Apollo
Greek	Other deities			Cephisso (Κεφισσώ)
Greek	Other deities			Apollonis (Απολλωνίς)
Greek	Other deities			Borysthenis (Βορυσθενίς)
Greek	Other deities			Hypate (Υπάτη) "the upper (chord of the lyre)"
Greek	Other deities			Mese (Μέση) "the middle (chord of the lyre)"
Greek	Other deities			Nete (Νήτη) "the lowest (chord of the lyre)"
Greek	Other deities			Muses worshiped at Sicyon
Greek	Other deities			Polymatheia (Πολυμάθεια), muse of knowledge
Greek	Other deities			Palaestra (Παλαίστρα), goddess of wrestling
Greek	Other deities			Rhapso (Ραψώ), minor goddess or nymph whose name apparently refers to sewing
Greek	Other deities			Taraxippus (Ταράξιππος), ghost that frightened horses
Greek	Deified mortals			[edit]
Greek	Deified mortals			Achilles (Ἀχιλλεύς), hero of the Trojan War
Greek	Deified mortals			Aiakos (Αἰακός), a king of Aegina, appointed as a Judge of the Dead in the Underworld after his death
Greek	Deified mortals			Aeolus (Αἴολος), a king of Thessaly, made the immortal king of the winds by Zeus
Greek	Deified mortals			Alabandus (Ἀλάβανδος), he was the founder of the town of Alabanda
Greek	Deified mortals			Amphiaraus (Ἀμφιάραος), a hero of the war of the Seven Against Thebes who became an oracular spirit of the Underworld after his death
Greek	Deified mortals			Ariadne (Αριάδνη), a Cretan princess who became the immortal wife of Dionysus
Greek	Deified mortals			Aristaeus (Ἀρισταῖος), a Thessalian hero, his inventions saw him immortalised as the god of bee-keeping, cheese-making, herding, olive-growing, and hunting
Greek	Deified mortals			Asclepius (Ἀσκληπιός), a Thessalian physician who was struck down by Zeus, to be later recovered by his father Apollo
Greek	Deified mortals			Attis (Ἄττις), a consort of Cybele, granted immortality as one of her attendants
Greek	Deified mortals			Bolina (Βολίνα), a mortal woman transformed into an immortal nymph by Apollo
Greek	Deified mortals			The Dioscuri (Διόσκουροι), divine twins
Greek	Deified mortals			Castor (Κάστωρ)
Greek	Deified mortals			Pollux (Πολυδεύκης)
Greek	Deified mortals			Endymion (Ἐνδυμίων), lover of Selene, granted eternal sleep so as never to age or die
Greek	Deified mortals			Ganymede (Γανυμήδης), a handsome Trojan prince, abducted by Zeus and made cup-bearer of the gods
Greek	Deified mortals			Glaucus (Γλαῦκος), the fisherman's sea god, made immortal after eating a magical herb
Greek	Deified mortals			Hemithea (Ἡμιθέα) and Parthenos (Παρθένος), princesses of the Island of Naxos who leapt into the sea to escape their father's wrath; Apollo transformed them into demi-goddesses
Greek	Deified mortals			Heracles (Ἡρακλῆς), ascended hero
Greek	Deified mortals
Greek	Deified mortals			Athena pouring a drink for Heracles, who wears the skin of the Nemean Lion
Greek	Deified mortals			Lampsace (Λαμψάκη), a semi-historical Bebrycian princess honored as goddess for her assistance to the Greeks
Greek	Deified mortals			Minos (Μίνως), a king of Crete, appointed as a Judge of the Dead in the Underworld after his death
Greek	Deified mortals			Ino (Ἰνώ), a Theban princess who became the sea goddess Leucothea
Greek	Deified mortals			Tenes (Τέννης), was a hero of the island of Tenedos
Greek	Deified mortals			The Leucippides (Λευκιππίδες), wives of the Dioscuri
Greek	Deified mortals			Phoebe (Φοίβη), wife of Pollux
Greek	Deified mortals			Hilaera (Ἱλάειρα), wife of Castor
Greek	Deified mortals			Orithyia (Ὠρείθυια), an Athenian princess abducted by Boreas and made the goddess of cold, gusty mountain winds
Greek	Deified mortals			Palaemon (Παλαίμων), a Theban prince, made into a sea god along with his mother, Ino
Greek	Deified mortals			Phylonoe (Φυλονόη), daughter of Tyndareus and Leda, made immortal by Artemis
Greek	Deified mortals			Psyche (Ψυχή), goddess of the soul
Greek	Deified mortals			Semele (Σεμελη), mortal mother of Dionysus, who later was made the goddess Thyone (Θυωνη)
Greek
Greek	Heroes			Abderus, aided Heracles during his eighth labour and was killed by the Mares of Diomedes
Greek	Heroes			Achilles (Αχιλλεύς or Αχιλλέας), hero of the Trojan War and a central character in Homer's Iliad
Greek	Heroes			Aeneas (Αινείας), a hero of the Trojan War and progenitor of the Roman people
Greek	Heroes			Ajax the Great (Αίας ο Μέγας), a hero of the Trojan War and king of Salamis
Greek	Heroes			Ajax the Lesser (Αίας ο Μικρός), a hero of the Trojan War and leader of the Locrian army
Greek	Heroes			Amphitryon (Αμφιτρύων), Theban general who rescued Thebes from the Teumessian fox; his wife was Alcmene, mother of Heracles
Greek	Heroes			Antilochus (Ἀντίλοχος), Son of Nestor sacrificed himself to save his father in the Trojan War along with other deeds of valor
Greek	Heroes			Bellerophon, hero who slew the Chimera
Greek	Heroes			Bouzyges
Greek	Heroes			Castor, the mortal Dioscuri twin; after Castor's death, his immortal brother Pollux shared his divinity with him in order that they might remain together
Greek	Heroes			Chrysippus, a divine hero of Elis
Greek	Heroes			Daedalus, creator of the labyrinth and great inventor, until King Minos trapped him in his own creation.
Greek	Heroes			Diomedes, a king of Argos and hero of the Trojan War
Greek	Heroes			Eleusis, eponymous hero of the town of Eleusis
Greek	Heroes			Eunostus, a Boeotian hero
Greek	Heroes			Ganymede, Trojan hero and lover of Zeus, who was given immortality and appointed cup-bearer to the gods
Greek	Heroes			Hector, hero of the Trojan War and champion of the Trojan people
Greek	Heroes			Icarus, the son of the master craftsman Daedalus
Greek	Heroes			Iolaus, nephew of Heracles who aided his uncle in one of his Labors
Greek	Heroes			Jason, leader of the Argonauts
Greek	Heroes			Meleager, a hero who sailed with the Argonauts and killed the Calydonian Boar
Greek	Heroes			Odysseus, a hero and king of Ithaca whose adventures are the subject of Homer's Odyssey; he also played a key role during the Trojan War
Greek	Heroes			Orpheus, a legendary musician and poet who attempted to retrieve his dead wife from the Underworld
Greek	Heroes			Pandion, the eponymous hero of the Attic tribe Pandionis, usually assumed to be one of the legendary Athenian kings Pandion I or Pandion II.
Greek	Heroes			Perseus (Περσεύς), son of Zeus and the founder-king of Mycenae and slayer of the Gorgon Medusa
Greek	Heroes			Theseus, son of Poseidon and a king of Athens and slayer of the Minotaur
Greek
Greek	Notable women			Alcestis (Άλκηστις), daughter of Pelias and wife of Admetus, who was known for her devotion to her husband
Greek	Notable women			Amymone, the one daughter of Danaus who refused to murder her husband, thus escaping her sisters' punishment
Greek	Notable women			Andromache (Ανδρομάχη), wife of Hector
Greek	Notable women			Andromeda (Ανδρομέδα), wife of Perseus, who was placed among the constellations after her death
Greek	Notable women			Antigone (Αντιγόνη), daughter of Oedipus and Jocasta
Greek	Notable women			Arachne (Αράχνη), a skilled weaver, transformed by Athena into a spider for her blasphemy
Greek	Notable women			Ariadne (Αριάδνη), daughter of Minos, king of Crete, who aided Theseus in overcoming the Minotaur and became the wife of Dionysus
Greek	Notable women			Atalanta (Αταλάντη), fleet-footed heroine who participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt
Greek	Notable women			Briseis, a princess of Lyrnessus, taken by Achilles as a war prize
Greek	Notable women			Caeneus, formerly Caenis, a woman who was transformed into a man and became a mighty warrior
Greek	Notable women			Cassandra, a princess of Troy cursed to see the future but never to be believed
Greek	Notable women			Cassiopeia (Κασσιόπεια), queen of Æthiopia and mother of Andromeda
Greek	Notable women			Clytemnestra, sister of Helen and unfaithful wife of Agamemnon
Greek	Notable women			Danaë, the mother of Perseus by Zeus
Greek	Notable women			Deianeira, the third wife and unwitting killer of Heracles
Greek	Notable women			Electra, daughter of Agamemnon and Clytemnestra, she aided her brother Orestes in plotting revenge against their mother for the murder of their father
Greek	Notable women			Europa, a Phoenician woman, abducted by Zeus
Greek	Notable women			Hecuba (Ἑκάβη), wife of Priam, king of Troy, and mother of nineteen of his children
Greek	Notable women			Helen, daughter of Zeus and Leda, whose abduction brought about the Trojan War
Greek	Notable women			Hermione (Ἑρμιόνη), daughter of Menelaus and Helen; wife of Neoptolemus, and later Orestes
Greek	Notable women			Iphigenia, daughter of Agamemnon and Clytemnestra; Agamemnon sacrificed her to Artemis in order to appease the goddess
Greek	Notable women			Ismene, sister of Antigone
Greek	Notable women			Jocasta, mother and wife of Oedipus
Greek	Notable women			Medea, a sorceress and wife of Jason, who killed her own children to punish Jason for his infidelity
Greek	Notable women			Medusa, a mortal woman transformed into a hideous gorgon by Athena
Greek	Notable women			Niobe, a daughter of Tantalus who declared herself to be superior to Leto, causing Artemis and Apollo to kill her fourteen children
Greek	Notable women			Pandora, the first woman
Greek	Notable women			Penelope, loyal wife of Odysseus
Greek	Notable women			Phaedra, daughter of Minos and wife of Theseus
Greek	Notable women			Polyxena, the youngest daughter of Priam, sacrificed to the ghost of Achilles
Greek	Notable women			Semele, mortal mother of Dionysus
Greek	Notable women			Thrace, the daughter of Oceanus and Parthenope, and sister of Europa
Greek	Kings			Abas, a king of Argos
Greek	Kings			Acastus, a king of Iolcus who sailed with the Argonauts and participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt
Greek	Kings			Acrisius, a king of Argos
Greek	Kings			Actaeus, first king of Attica
Greek	Kings			Admetus (Άδμητος), a king of Pherae who sailed with the Argonauts and participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt
Greek	Kings			Adrastus (Άδραστος), a king of Argos and one of the Seven Against Thebes
Greek	Kings			Aeacus (Αιακός), a king of the island of Aegina in the Saronic Gulf; after he died, he became one of the three judges of the dead in the Underworld
Greek	Kings			Aeëtes, a king of Colchis and father of Medea
Greek	Kings			Aegeus (Αιγεύς), a king of Athens and father of Theseus
Greek	Kings			Aegimius, a king of Thessaly and progenitor of the Dorians
Greek	Kings			Aegisthus (Αίγισθος), lover of Clytemnestra, with whom he plotted to murder Agamemnon and seized the kingship of Mycenae
Greek	Kings			Aegyptus (Αίγυπτος), a king of Egypt
Greek	Kings			Aeson, father of Jason and rightful king of Iolcus, whose throne was usurped by his half-brother Pelias
Greek	Kings			Aëthlius, first king of Elis
Greek	Kings			Aetolus (Αιτωλός), a king of Elis
Greek	Kings			Agamemnon (Ἀγαμέμνων), a king of Mycenae and commander of the Greek armies during the Trojan War
Greek	Kings			Agasthenes, a king of Elis
Greek	Kings			Agenor (Αγήνωρ), a king of Phoenicia
Greek	Kings			Alcinous (Αλκίνους or Ἀλκίνοος), a king of Phaeacia
Greek	Kings			Alcmaeon, a king of Argos and one of the Epigoni
Greek	Kings			Aleus, a king of Tegea
Greek	Kings			Amphiaraus (Ἀμφιάραος), a seer and king of Argos who participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt and the war of the Seven Against Thebes
Greek	Kings			Amphictyon (Ἀμφικτύων), a king of Athens
Greek	Kings			Amphion and Zethus, twin sons of Zeus and kings of Thebes, who constructed the city's walls
Greek	Kings			Amycus, son of Poseidon and king of the Bebryces
Greek	Kings			Anaxagoras (Ἀναξαγόρας), a king of Argos
Greek	Kings			Anchises (Αγχίσης), a king of Dardania and father of Aeneas
Greek	Kings			Arcesius, a king of Ithaca and father of Laertes
Greek	Kings			Argeus, a king of Argos
Greek	Kings			Argus, a son of Zeus and king of Argos after Phoroneus
Greek	Kings			Assaracus, a king of Dardania
Greek	Kings			Asterion, a king of Crete
Greek	Kings			Athamas (Ἀθάμας), a king of Orchomenus
Greek	Kings			Atreus (Ἀτρεύς), a king of Mycenae and father of Agamemnon and Menelaus
Greek	Kings			Augeas (Αυγείας), a king of Elis
Greek	Kings			Autesion, a king of Thebes
Greek	Kings			Bias, a king of Argos
Greek	Kings			Busiris, a king of Egypt
Greek	Kings			Cadmus, founder-king of Thebes
Greek	Kings			Car, a king of Megara
Greek	Kings			Catreus, a king of Crete, prophesied to die at the hands of his own son
Greek	Kings			Cecrops, an autochthonous king of Athens
Greek	Kings			Ceisus, a king of Argos
Greek	Kings			Celeus, a king of Eleusis
Greek	Kings			Cephalus, a king of Phocis who accidentally killed his own wife
Greek	Kings			Cepheus, a king of Ethiopia
Greek	Kings			Cepheus, a king of Tegea and an Argonaut
Greek	Kings			Charnabon, a king of the Getae
Greek	Kings			Cinyras, a king of Cyprus and father of Adonis
Greek	Kings			Codrus, a king of Athens
Greek	Kings			Corinthus, founder-king of Corinth
Greek	Kings			Cranaus, a king of Athens
Greek	Kings			Creon, a king of Thebes, brother of Jocasta and uncle of Oedipus
Greek	Kings			Creon, a king of Corinth who was hospitable towards Jason and Medea
Greek	Kings			Cres, an early Cretan king
Greek	Kings			Cresphontes, a king of Messene and descendent of Heracles
Greek	Kings			Cretheus, founder-king of Iolcus
Greek	Kings			Criasus, a king of Argos
Greek	Kings			Cylarabes, a king of Argos
Greek	Kings			Cynortas, a king of Sparta
Greek	Kings			Cyzicus, king of the Dolionians, mistakenly killed by the Argonauts
Greek	Kings			Danaus, a king of Egypt and father of the Danaides
Greek	Kings			Dardanus, founder-king of Dardania, and son of Zeus and Electra
Greek	Kings			Deiphontes, a king of Argos
Greek	Kings			Demophon of Athens, a king of Athens
Greek	Kings			Diomedes, a king of Argos and hero of the Trojan War
Greek	Kings			Echemus, a king of Arcadia
Greek	Kings			Echetus, a king of Epirus
Greek	Kings			Eetion, a king of Cilician Thebe and father of Andromache
Greek	Kings			Electryon, a king of Tiryns and Mycenae; son of Perseus and Andromeda
Greek	Kings			Elephenor, a king of the Abantes of Euboea
Greek	Kings			Eleusis, eponym and king of Eleusis, Attica
Greek	Kings			Epaphus, a king of Egypt and founder of Memphis, Egypt
Greek	Kings			Epopeus, a king of Sicyon
Greek	Kings			Erechtheus, a king of Athens
Greek	Kings			Erginus, a king of Minyean Orchomenus in Boeotia
Greek	Kings			Erichthonius, a king of Athens, born of Hephaestus' attempt to rape Athena
Greek	Kings			Eteocles, a king of Thebes and son of Oedipus; he and his brother Polynices killed each other
Greek	Kings			Eteocles, son of Andreus, a king of Orchomenus
Greek	Kings			Eurotas, a king of Sparta
Greek	Kings			Eurystheus, a king of Tiryns
Greek	Kings			Euxantius, a king of Ceos, son of Minos and Dexithea
Greek	Kings			Gelanor, a king of Argos
Greek	Kings			Haemus, a king of Thrace
Greek	Kings			Helenus, seer and twin brother of Cassandra, who later became king of Epirus
Greek	Kings			Hippothoön, a king of Eleusis
Greek	Kings			Hyrieus, a king of Boeotia
Greek	Kings			Ilus, founder-king of Troy
Greek	Kings			Ixion, a king of the Lapiths who attempted to rape Hera and was bound to a flaming wheel in Tartarus
Greek	Kings			Laërtes, father of Odysseus and king of the Cephallenians; he sailed with the Argonauts and participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt
Greek	Kings			Laomedon, a king of Troy and father of Priam
Greek	Kings			Lycaon of Arcadia, a deceitful Arcadian king who was transformed by Zeus into a wolf
Greek	Kings			Lycurgus of Arcadia, a king of Arcadia
Greek	Kings			Lycurgus of Nemea, a king of Nemea
Greek	Kings			Makedon, a king of Macedon
Greek	Kings			Megareus of Onchestus, a king of Onchestus in Boeotia
Greek	Kings			Megareus of Thebes, a king of Thebes
Greek	Kings			Melampus, a legendary soothsayer and healer, and king of Argos
Greek	Kings			Melanthus, a king of Messenia
Greek	Kings			Memnon, a king of Ethiopia who fought on the side of Troy during the Trojan War
Greek	Kings			Menelaus, a king of Sparta and the husband of Helen
Greek	Kings			Menestheus, a king of Athens who fought on the side of the Greeks during the Trojan War
Greek	Kings			Midas, a king of Phrygia granted the power to turn anything to gold with a touch
Greek	Kings			Minos, a king of Crete; after his death, became one of the judges of the dead in the Underworld
Greek	Kings			Myles, a king of Laconia
Greek	Kings			Nestor, a king of Pylos who sailed with the Argonauts, participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt and fought with the Greek armies in the Trojan War
Greek	Kings			Nycteus, a king of Thebes
Greek	Kings			Odysseus, a hero and king of Ithaca whose adventures are the subject of Homer's Odyssey; he also played a key role during the Trojan War
Greek	Kings			Oebalus, a king of Sparta
Greek	Kings			Oedipus, a king of Thebes fated to kill his father and marry his mother
Greek	Kings			Oeneus, a king of Calydon
Greek	Kings			Oenomaus, a king of Pisa
Greek	Kings			Oenopion, a king of Chios
Greek	Kings			Ogygus, a king of Thebes
Greek	Kings			Oicles, a king of Argos
Greek	Kings			Oileus, a king of Locris
Greek	Kings			Orestes, a king of Argos and a son of Clytemnestra and Agamemnon; he killed his mother in revenge for her murder of his father
Greek	Kings			Oxyntes, a king of Athens
Greek	Kings			Pandion I, a king of Athens
Greek	Kings			Pandion II, a king of Athens
Greek	Kings			Peleus, king of the Myrmidons and father of Achilles; he sailed with the Argonauts and participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt
Greek	Kings			Pelias, a king of Iolcus and usurper of Aeson's rightful throne
Greek	Kings			Pelops, a king of Pisa and founder of the House of Atreus
Greek	Kings			Pentheus, a king of Thebes who banned the worship of Dionysus and was torn apart by Maenads
Greek	Kings			Periphas, legendary king of Attica who Zeus turned into an eagle.
Greek	Kings			Perseus (Περσεύς), founder-king of Mycenae and slayer of the Gorgon Medusa
Greek	Kings			Phineus, a king of Thrace
Greek	Kings			Phlegyas, a king of the Lapiths
Greek	Kings			Phoenix, son of Agenor, founder-king of Phoenicia
Greek	Kings			Phoroneus, a king of Argos
Greek	Kings			Phyleus, a king of Elis
Greek	Kings			Pirithoös, king of the Lapiths and husband of Hippodamia, at whose wedding the Battle of Lapiths and Centaurs occurred
Greek	Kings			Pittheus, a king of Troezen and grandfather of Theseus
Greek	Kings			Polybus of Corinth, a king of Corinth
Greek	Kings			Polybus of Sicyon, a king of Sicyon and son of Hermes
Greek	Kings			Polybus of Thebes, a king of Thebes
Greek	Kings			Polynices, a king of Thebes and son of Oedipus; he and his brother Eteocles killed each other
Greek	Kings			Priam, king of Troy during the Trojan War
Greek	Kings			Proetus, a king of Argos and Tiryns
Greek	Kings			Pylades, a king of Phocis and friend of Orestes
Greek	Kings			Rhadamanthys, a king of Crete; after his death, he became a judge of the dead in the Underworld
Greek	Kings			Rhesus, a king of Thrace who sided with Troy in the Trojan War
Greek	Kings			Sarpedon, a king of Lycia and son of Zeus who fought on the side of the Greeks during the Trojan War
Greek	Kings			Sisyphus, a king of Thessaly who attempted to cheat death and was sentenced to an eternity of rolling a boulder up a hill, only to watch it roll back down
Greek	Kings			Sithon, a king of Thrace
Greek	Kings			Talaus, a king of Argos who sailed with the Argonauts
Greek	Kings			Tegyrios, a king of Thrace
Greek	Kings			Telamon, a king of Salamis and father of Ajax; he sailed with the Argonauts and participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt
Greek	Kings			Telephus, a king of Mysia and son of Heracles
Greek	Kings			Temenus, a king of Argos and descendent of Heracles
Greek	Kings			Teucer, founder-king of Salamis who fought alongside the Greeks in the Trojan War
Greek	Kings			Teutamides, a king of Larissa
Greek	Kings			Teuthras, a king of Mysia
Greek	Kings			Thersander, a king of Thebes and one of the Epigoni
Greek	Kings			Theseus, a king of Athens and slayer of the Minotaur
Greek	Kings			Thyestes, a king of Mycenae and brother of Atreus
Greek	Kings			Tisamenus, a king of Argos, Mycenae, and Sparta
Greek	Kings			Tyndareus, a king of Sparta
Greek
Greek	Seers/oracles			Amphilochus (Ἀμφίλοχος), a seer and brother of Alcmaeon who died in the war of the Seven Against Thebes
Greek	Seers/oracles			Anius, son of Apollo who prophesied that the Trojan War would be won in its tenth year
Greek	Seers/oracles			Asbolus, a seer Centaur
Greek	Seers/oracles			Bakis
Greek	Seers/oracles			Branchus, a seer and son of Apollo
Greek	Seers/oracles			Calchas, an Argive seer who aided the Greeks during the Trojan War
Greek	Seers/oracles			Carnus, an Acarnanian seer and lover of Apollo
Greek	Seers/oracles			Carya, a seer and lover of Dionysus
Greek	Seers/oracles			Cassandra, a princess of Troy cursed to see the future but never to be believed
Greek	Seers/oracles			Ennomus, a Mysian seer, killed by Achilles during the Trojan War
Greek	Seers/oracles			Halitherses, an Ithacan seer who warned Penelope's suitors of Odysseus' return
Greek	Seers/oracles			Helenus, seer and twin brother of Cassandra, who later became king of Epirus
Greek	Seers/oracles			Iamus, a son of Apollo possessing the gift of prophecy, he founded the Iamidai
Greek	Seers/oracles			Idmon, a seer who sailed with the Argonauts
Greek	Seers/oracles			Manto, seer and daughter of Tiresias
Greek	Seers/oracles			Melampus, a legendary soothsayer and healer, and king of Argos
Greek	Seers/oracles			Mopsus, the name of two legendary seers
Greek	Seers/oracles			Polyeidos, a Corinthian seer who saved the life of Glaucus
Greek	Seers/oracles			Pythia, the oracle of Delphi
Greek	Seers/oracles			Telemus, a seer who foresaw that the Cyclops Polyphemus would be blinded by Odysseus
Greek	Seers/oracles			Theoclymenus, an Argive seer
Greek	Seers/oracles			Tiresias, blind prophet of Thebes
Greek
Greek
Greek	Amazons			Achilles and Penthesileia (Lucanian red-figure bell-krater, late 5th century BC)
Greek	Amazons			Aegea, a queen of the Amazons
Greek	Amazons			Aella (Ἄελλα), an Amazon who was killed by Heracles
Greek	Amazons			Alcibie (Ἀλκιβίη), an Amazonian warrior, killed by Diomedes at Troy
Greek	Amazons			Antandre (Ἀντάνδρη), an Amazonian warrior, killed by Achilles at Troy
Greek	Amazons			Antiope (Ἀντιόπη), a daughter of Ares and sister of Hippolyta
Greek	Amazons			Areto (Ἀρετώ), an Amazon
Greek	Amazons			Asteria (Ἀστερία), an Amazon who was killed by Heracles
Greek	Amazons			Bremusa (Βρέμουσα), an Amazonian warrior, killed by Idomeneus at Troy
Greek	Amazons			Celaeno (Κελαινώ), an Amazonian warrior, killed by Heracles
Greek	Amazons			Eurypyle (Εὐρυπύλη), an Amazon leader who invaded Ninus and Babylonia
Greek	Amazons			Hippolyta (Ἱππολύτη), a queen of Amazons and daughter of Ares
Greek	Amazons			Hippothoe (Ἱπποθόη), an Amazonian warrior, killed by Achilles at Troy
Greek	Amazons			Iphito (Ἰφιτώ), an Amazon who served under Hippolyta
Greek	Amazons			Lampedo (Λαμπεδώ), an Amazon queen who ruled with her sister Marpesia
Greek	Amazons			Marpesia (Μαρπεσία), an Amazon queen who ruled with her sister Lampedo
Greek	Amazons			Melanippe (Μελανίππη), a daughter of Ares and sister of Hippolyta and Antiope
Greek	Amazons			Molpadia (Μολπαδία), an Amazon who killed Antiope
Greek	Amazons			Myrina (Μύρινα), a queen of the Amazons
Greek	Amazons			Orithyia (Ὠρείθυια), an Amazon queen
Greek	Amazons			Otrera (Ὀτρήρα), an Amazon queen, consort of Ares and mother of Hippolyta
Greek	Amazons			Pantariste (Πανταρίστη), an Amazon who fought with Hippolyta against Heracles
Greek	Amazons			Penthesilea (Πενθεσίλεια), an Amazon queen who fought in the Trojan War on the side of Troy
Greek	Amazons			Thalestris (Θάληστρις), a queen of the Amazons
Greek	Amazons
Greek	Inmates of Tartarus			The Danaides, forty-nine daughters of Danaus who murdered their husbands and were condemned to an eternity of carrying water in leaky jugs
Greek	Inmates of Tartarus			Ixion, a king of the Lapiths who attempted to rape Hera and was bound to a flaming wheel in Tartarus
Greek	Inmates of Tartarus			Sisyphus, a king of Thessaly who attempted to cheat death and was sentenced to an eternity of rolling a boulder up a hill, only to watch it roll back down
Greek	Inmates of Tartarus			Tantalus, a king of Anatolia who butchered his son Pelops and served him as a meal to the gods; he was punished with the torment of starvation, food and drink eternally dangling just out of reach
Greek
Greek	mythological figures			Abas (Ἄβαντος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Abderus, aided Heracles during his eighth labour and was killed by the Mares of Diomedes
Greek	mythological figures			Abia (Ἀβία) — nursemaid of Glenus, a son of Heracles.
Greek	mythological figures			Acallaris — daughter of Eumedes.
Greek	mythological figures			Abrota (Αβρώτη) — wife of Nisos, king of Megara.
Greek	mythological figures			Acamas, son of Antenor (Ἀκάμας) — son of Antenor who fought in the Trojan war on the side of Troy.
Greek	mythological figures			Acamas, son of Theseus (Ἀκάμας) — son of Theseus who fought with the Greeks during the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Acarnan (Ἀκαρνάν) — son of Alcmaeon and Callirrhoe.
Greek	mythological figures			Achaeus (Ἀχαιός) — progenitor of the Achaeans.
Greek	mythological figures			Acoetes (Ἀκοίτης) — priest of Dionysus.
Greek	mythological figures			Acraepheus (Ἀκραιφεύς) — son of Apollo.
Greek	mythological figures			Actaeon (Ἀκταίων) — a hunter transformed into a stag by Artemis and devoured by his own hounds.
Greek	mythological figures			Actaeus, first king of Attica
Greek	mythological figures			Actor (Άκτωρ) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Adrastus — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Aegiale (Αἰγιαλεία) — unfaithful wife of Diomedes.
Greek	mythological figures			Aegialeus (Αἰγιαλεύς) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Aegimius, a king of Thessaly and progenitor of the Dorians
Greek	mythological figures			Aegyptus (Αίγυπτος), a king of Egypt
Greek	mythological figures			Aepytus (Αἵπυτος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Aëdon (Ἀηδών) — daughter of Pandareus, changed into a nightingale.
Greek	mythological figures			Aërope (Ἀερόπη)— the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Aesacus (Αἴσακος) — son of Priam who was transformed into a bird.
Greek	mythological figures			Aethalides (Αἰθαλίδης) — herald of the Argonauts.
Greek	mythological figures			Aethilla (Αἴθιλλα or Αἴθυλλα) — sister of Priam, king of Troy.
Greek	mythological figures			Aëthlius, first king of Elis
Greek	mythological figures			Aethra (Αἴθρα) — mother of Theseus.
Greek	mythological figures			Aetolus (Αἰτωλός) — son of Endymion, eponym of Aetolia.
Greek	mythological figures			Agamede (Ἀγαμήδη) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Agamedes (Ἀγαμήδης) — a famed architect.
Greek	mythological figures			Agapenor (Ἀγαπήνωρ) — leader of the Arcadians during the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Agasthenes, a king of Elis
Greek	mythological figures			Agastrophus (Ἀγάστροφος) — a Paeonian ally of the Trojans.
Greek	mythological figures			Agave (Ἀγαύη) — mother of Cadmus and worshiper of Dionysus.
Greek	mythological figures			Agelaus (Ageláos) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Aglaea (Αγλαΐα) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Aglaulus (Ἄγλαυρος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Agrius (Ἄγριος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Agron (Ἄγρων) — son of Eumelus who was transformed into a plover for disrespecting Hermes, Athena and Artemis.
Greek	mythological figures			Alabandus (Ἀλάβανδος) — he was the founder of the town of Alabanda
Greek	mythological figures			Alcaeus (Ἀλκαίος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Alcathous (Ἀλκάθοος)— the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Alcidice (Ἀλκιδίκη) — wife of Salmoneus, king of Elis.
Greek	mythological figures			Alcimache (Ἁλκιμάχη) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Alcimede (Ἀλκιμέδη) — wife of Aeson and mother of Jason.
Greek	mythological figures			Alcimedon (Ἀλκιμέδων) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Alcimus (Ἄλκιμος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Alcinoe (Ἀλκινόη) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Alcmene (Ἀλκμήνη) — mother of Heracles.
Greek	mythological figures			Alcyone (Ἀλκυών or Ἀλκυόνη) — daughter of Aeolus and wife of Ceyx.
Greek	mythological figures			Almus (Ἄλμος) — one of the sons of Sisyphus.
Greek	mythological figures			Aloeus (Ἀλωεύς) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Alope (Ἀλόπη) — a woman seduced by Poseidon in the form of a kingfisher.
Greek	mythological figures			Alphesiboea (Ἀλφεσιβοίας) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Althaea (Ἀλθαία) — mother of Meleager.
Greek	mythological figures			Althaemenes (Ἀλθαιμένης) — son of Catreus, king of Crete; it was prophesied he would kill his own father.
Greek	mythological figures			Amarynceus (Ἀμαρυγκεύς) — a chief of the Eleans.
Greek	mythological figures			Amethystos — a maiden that was changed into amethyst.
Greek	mythological figures			Amphictyon (Ἀμφικτύων), a king of Athens
Greek	mythological figures			Amphidamas (Ἀμφιδάμας) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Amphimachus (Ἀμφίμαχος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Amphinome (Ἀμφινόμη) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Amphinomus (Ἀμφίνομος) — a son of Nisos and one of Penelope's suitors during the Odyssey.
Greek	mythological figures			Amphion (Ἀμφίων) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Amphithea (Ἀμφιθέα) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Amyclas (Ἀμύκλας) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Amycus, son of Poseidon and king of the Bebryces
Greek	mythological figures			Amymone, the one daughter of Danaus who refused to murder her husband, thus escaping her sisters' punishment
Greek	mythological figures			Amyntor (Ἀμύντωρ) — he name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Amythaon (Ἀμυθάων) — a son of Cretheus, father of Melampus and Bias.
Greek	mythological figures			Anaxagoras (Ἀναξαγόρας), a king of Argos
Greek	mythological figures			Anaxarete (Ἀναξαρέτη) — a Cypriot maiden turned to stone by Aphrodite for refusing her suitor's advances.
Greek	mythological figures			Anaxibia (Ἀναξίβια) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Anaxo (Ἀναξώ) — mother of Alcmene.
Greek	mythological figures			Ancaeus (Ἀγκαῖος) — the name of two separate Argonauts, each of whom was killed by a boar.
Greek	mythological figures			Anchialus (Ἀγχίαλος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Andraemon (Ἁνδραίμων) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Andreus (Ἀνδρεύς) — son of the river-god Peneus.
Greek	mythological figures			Androgeus (Ἀνδρόγεως) — a son of Minos, king of Crete.
Greek	mythological figures			Antenor (Ἀντήνωρ) — a counselor of Priam.
Greek	mythological figures			Anthas (Ἅνθας) — founder and king of Anthea, a part of what later became Troezen.
Greek	mythological figures			Antheus (Ἀνθεύς) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Anthus (Ἄνθος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Anticlus (Ἄντικλος) — one of the Greek warriors who hid inside the Trojan Horse.
Greek	mythological figures			Anticlea (Ἀντίκλεια) — mother of Odysseus.
Greek	mythological figures			Antigone (Ἀντιγόνη) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Antilochus (Ἀντίλοχος) — a son of Nestor who participated in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Antimachus (Αντίμαχος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Antinoe (Ἀντινόη) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Antinous (Ἀντίνοος) — one of the most prominent and disrespectful suitors of Penelope during the Odyssey.
Greek	mythological figures			Antion (Ἁντίων) — father of Ixion.
Greek	mythological figures			Antiphates (Ἀντιφάτης) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Antiphus — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Apemosyne — a daughter of Catreus who was raped by Hermes.
Greek	mythological figures			Aphareus — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Apheidas — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Apis — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Apisaon — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Apsyrtus — a son of Aeëtes, murdered by his sister Medea.
Greek	mythological figures			Arcas (Αρκάς) — son of Zeus and Callisto.
Greek	mythological figures			Arceophon — A Phoenician man who committed suicide after being spurned by his beloved.
Greek	mythological figures			Arcesilaus — One of the Greek leaders in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Areithous — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Aretaon — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Arete — Wife of Alcinous.
Greek	mythological figures			Arganthone — Famed huntress and lover of Rhesus.
Greek	mythological figures			Arge — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Argea — Daughter of Adrastus and wife of Polynices.
Greek	mythological figures			Argia — The name of several mythological characters.
Greek	mythological figures			Argynnus — Beloved of Agamemnon.
Greek	mythological figures			Arisbas — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Aristodemus (Ἀριστόδημος) — A descendant of Heracles who helped lead the Dorian Invasion.
Greek	mythological figures			Aristomachus (Ἀριστόμαχος) — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Asius — The name of two people who fought during the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Aspalis — A maiden of Melite, Phthia associated with a local cult of Artemis.
Greek	mythological figures			Astacus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Asterodia — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Asteropaios — A Paeonian ally of the Trojans.
Greek	mythological figures			Asterope — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Astyanassa — Helen of Troy's maid.
Greek	mythological figures			Astyanax (Ἀστυάναξ) — Infant son of Hector and Andromache, killed during the Sack of Troy.
Greek	mythological figures			Astydameia (Ἀστυδάμεια) — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Astynome — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Astyoche — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Astypalaea (Ἀστυπάλαια) — A lover of Poseidon.
Greek	mythological figures			Atrax — founder of Atracia in Thessaly.
Greek	mythological figures			Atymnius — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Auge — mother of the hero Telephus.
Greek	mythological figures			Autochthe — A daughter of Perseus and Andromeda who married Aegeus.
Greek	mythological figures			Autolycus — A son of Hermes.
Greek	mythological figures			Automedon (Αυτομέδων) — Achilles' charioteer.
Greek	mythological figures			Autonoë — Daughter of Cadmus and mother of Actaeon.
Greek	mythological figures			Autonous — man transformed by the gods into a stone curlew.
Greek	mythological figures			Axylus — A participant in the Trojan War who fought on the side of Troy.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Batea — wife of Dardanus and mother of Ilus.
Greek	mythological figures			Baubo — An old woman who jested with Demeter while the goddess was mourning the loss of Persephone.
Greek	mythological figures			Baucis — A virtuous old woman whose hospitality the gods rewarded.
Greek	mythological figures			Bianna — A Cretan woman who migrated to Gaul and disappeared in a chasm of the earth.
Greek	mythological figures			Bienor — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Biston — A son of Ares and eponym of Bistonia in Thrace.
Greek	mythological figures			Bolina (Βολίνα) — a mortal woman transformed into an immortal nymph by Apollo
Greek	mythological figures			Bormus — A Mariandynian youth abducted by nymphs.
Greek	mythological figures			Borus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Botres — A son of Eumelus, transformed into a bee-eater.
Greek	mythological figures			Budeia — Name of two separate figures
Greek	mythological figures			Briseis, a princess of Lyrnessus, taken by Achilles as a war prize
Greek	mythological figures			Briseus — father of Briseis.
Greek	mythological figures			Broteas — A son of Tantalus.
Greek	mythological figures			Bucolion — illegitimate son of the Trojan king Laomedon and half-brother of Priam.
Greek	mythological figures			Buphagus — A son of Iapetus.
Greek	mythological figures			Bura — A daughter of Ion.
Greek	mythological figures			Butes — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Byblis — A woman who fell in love with her twin brother.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Caeneus, formerly Caenis, a woman who was transformed into a man and became a mighty warrior
Greek	mythological figures			Calesius — Axylus' charioteer.
Greek	mythological figures			Caletor — The name of two men involved in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Callidice — queen of Thesprotia and wife of Odysseus.
Greek	mythological figures			Callithyia — The first priestess of Hera.
Greek	mythological figures			Calyce — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Calydon — Eponym of Calydon Aetolia.
Greek	mythological figures			Canace — A daughter of Aeolus and lover of Poseidon.
Greek	mythological figures			Canethus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Canthus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Capaneus — An arrogant warrior who was struck down by Zeus.
Greek	mythological figures			Capys — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Carius — A son of Zeus believed to have learned music from nymphs.
Greek	mythological figures			Carystus — Son of Chiron.
Greek	mythological figures			Cassiopeia — A vain Ethiopian queen, punished by Poseidon for her hubris.
Greek	mythological figures			Caucon — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Caunus — A son of Miletus who fled from his twin sister's incestuous advances.
Greek	mythological figures			Cebriones — An illegitimate son of Priam.
Greek	mythological figures			Celtine — A Celtic princess and lover of Heracles.
Greek	mythological figures			Cerambus — A talented yet arrogant singer who was transformed into a beetle.
Greek	mythological figures			Cerdo — wife of Phoroneus.
Greek	mythological figures			Cestrinus — Son of Helenus and Andromache.
Greek	mythological figures			Ceyx — husband of Alcyone.
Greek	mythological figures			Chaeresilaus — Son of Iasius.
Greek	mythological figures			Chalciope — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Chalcodon — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Charops — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Chelone — changed into a tortoise by Hermes.
Greek	mythological figures			Chione, daughter of Arcturus — A lover of Boreas.
Greek	mythological figures			Chione, daughter of Callirrhoe — A woman transformed by Hermes into a snow cloud.
Greek	mythological figures			Chione, daughter of Daedalion — mother of Philammon and Autolycus by Apollo and Hermes respectively.
Greek	mythological figures			Chloris — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Chromia — Daughter of Itonus.
Greek	mythological figures			Chrysanthis — A woman who told Demeter of the abduction of Persephone.
Greek	mythological figures			Chryseis — A woman enslaved as a war prize by Agamemnon, who was later forced to return her.
Greek	mythological figures			Chryses — A priest of Apollo and father of Chryseis.
Greek	mythological figures			Chrysippe — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Chrysippus — a divine hero of Elis
Greek	mythological figures			Chrysothemis — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Chthonia — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Chthonius — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Chthonophyle — A daughter of Sicyon and wife of Phlias.
Greek	mythological figures			Cilix — founder of Cilicia.
Greek	mythological figures			Cilla — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Cleite — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Cleitus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Cleoboea — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Cleobule — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Cleodaeus — A grandson of Heracles.
Greek	mythological figures			Cleopatra — wife of Meleager.
Greek	mythological figures			Clinis — A Babylonian man, transformed into a bird.
Greek	mythological figures			Clonius — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Clymenus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Clytie — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Clytius — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Clytodora — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Clytus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Coeranus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Comaetho — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Coön — A son of Antenor who fell against Agamemnon.
Greek	mythological figures			Copreus — herald of Eurystheus.
Greek	mythological figures			Coresus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Coronis — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Cragaleus — A man transformed into stone by Apollo.
Greek	mythological figures			Cratos — god of Strength.
Greek	mythological figures			Crete — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Creusa — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Crino — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Crisus — founder of the town of Crissa.
Greek	mythological figures			Ctesippus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Ctesylla — A maiden of Ioulis.
Greek	mythological figures			Ctimene — younger sister of Odysseus.
Greek	mythological figures			Cyanippus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Cychreus — Son of Poseidon and Salamis.
Greek	mythological figures			Cycnus — The name of several mythological figures, most of whom were transformed into swans.
Greek	mythological figures			Cydippe — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Cydon — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Cynurus — A son of Perseus.
Greek	mythological figures			Cyparissus — A boy beloved by Apollo and transformed into a cypress tree after his death.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Daedalion — A man transformed by Apollo into a hawk.
Greek	mythological figures			Daedalus — A skilled inventor and artisan.
Greek	mythological figures			Dascylus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Deileon — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Deimachus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Deioneus (Δηιονεύς) or Deion (Δηίων) — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Deiphobus — A son of Priam and Hecuba who fought in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Deipyle — wife of Tydeus and mother of Diomedes.
Greek	mythological figures			Delphus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Demodice — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Demonassa — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Demonice — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Demophon of Eleusis — A son of Celeus, king of Eleusis, whom Demeter attempted and failed to immortalise.
Greek	mythological figures			Deucalion — Survivor of the Deluge.
Greek	mythological figures			Dexamenus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Dia — mother of Pirithoös.
Greek	mythological figures			Dictys — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Dimoetes — brother of Troezen.
Greek	mythological figures			Diocles — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Diomede — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Dirce — wife of Lycus.
Greek	mythological figures			Dius — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Dolius — A slave of Penelope.
Greek	mythological figures			Dolon — A fast runner who fought for Troy in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Dolops — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Dorus — Progenitor of the Dorians.
Greek	mythological figures			Dotis — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Dryas — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Dryope — A woman transformed into a black poplar.
Greek	mythological figures			Dymas — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Echion — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Echetlus — an Athenian mythical hero fought in the Battle of Marathon.
Greek	mythological figures			Eioneus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Electryone — A daughter of Helios and Rhode.
Greek	mythological figures			Eleius — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Eleusis, eponymous hero of the town of Eleusis
Greek	mythological figures			Eleuther — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Elpenor — A crew member of Odysseus, who died in an accident; his shade approached Odysseus in the Underworld to beg him for a proper burial.
Greek	mythological figures			Elymus — Progenitor of the Elymians.
Greek	mythological figures			Emathion — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Enarete — wife of Aeolus.
Greek	mythological figures			Endeïs — Daughter of Chiron.
Greek	mythological figures			Endymion — eternally sleeping lover of the moon goddess Selene.
Greek	mythological figures			Enyeus — The name of several mythological characters.
Greek	mythological figures			Epeius — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Epicasta — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Epidaurus — eponymous hero of the city Epidaurus.
Greek	mythological figures			Epipole — A woman that went to Trojan War in disguise of a man.
Greek	mythological figures			Epirus — Daughter of Agave and Echion, after whom the region of Epirus was named.
Greek	mythological figures			Epistrophus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Epochus — The name of several mythological characters.
Greek	mythological figures			Ereuthalion — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Eribotes — one of the Argonauts.
Greek	mythological figures			Eriopis — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Eriphyle — mother of Alcmaeon and wife of Amphiaraus.
Greek	mythological figures			Erymanthus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Erythras — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Euippe — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Euchenor — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Eulimene — A Cretan girl who was put to death after having an affair with a man other than her betrothed.
Greek	mythological figures			Eumaeus — Odysseus' loyal swineherd.
Greek	mythological figures			Eumedes — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Eunostus, a Boeotian hero
Greek	mythological figures			Euphorion — The son of Achilles and Helen.
Greek	mythological figures			Europs — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Euryalus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Euryanassa — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurybates — herald of the Greek armies and squire to Odysseus during the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurycleia — The wet-nurse of Odysseus.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurycyda — A lover of Poseidon.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurydamas — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurydice — The wife of Orpheus.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurylochus — The second-in-command of Odysseus' ship during the return to Ithaca after the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurymachus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurymedon — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurymedousa — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurypyle — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurypylus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Euryte — Daughter of Hippodamas.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurythemis — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurythemista — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurytion — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Eurytus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Evaechme — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Evippus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Galanthis — Servant and friend of Alcmene, who foiled Hera's plan to prevent Heracles' birth and was transformed into a weasel in punishment.
Greek	mythological figures			Gerana — A Pygmy queen changed into a crane.
Greek	mythological figures			Golgos — Son of Adonis and Aphrodite
Greek	mythological figures			Gorge — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Gorgophone — Daughter of Perseus and Andromeda.
Greek	mythological figures			Guneus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Haemon — Son of Creon and Eurydice.
Greek	mythological figures			Halaesus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Halirrhothius — A son of Poseidon who was killed by Ares.
Greek	mythological figures			Harpalion — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Harpalyce — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Harpalycus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Hecamede — Daughter of Arsinoös who was captured and given to Nestor as a servant.
Greek	mythological figures			Heleus — A son of Perseus and Andromeda.
Greek	mythological figures			Hemithea (Ἡμιθέα) — princess of the Island of Naxos who leapt into the sea to escape her father's wrath; Apollo transformed her into demi-goddess.
Greek	mythological figures			Henioche — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Herippe — A woman from Miletus, abducted by the Gauls.
Greek	mythological figures			Hermippe — wife of Orchomeus and mother of Minyas by Poseidon.
Greek	mythological figures			Hero and Leander — Star-crossed lovers.
Greek	mythological figures			Hilaera (Ἱλάειρα) — one of the Leucippides, wife of Castor.
Greek	mythological figures			Hippocoön — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Hippodamas — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Hippodamia — wife of Pelops.
Greek	mythological figures			Hippolytus — A son of Theseus.
Greek	mythological figures			Hippotes — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Hippothoe — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Hippothous — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Hodites — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Hodoedocus — Son of Cynus, father of Oileus.
Greek	mythological figures			Hyacinthus — A lover of Apollo changed into a flower.
Greek	mythological figures			Hyacinthus of Lacedaemon — father of four daughters who were sacrificed to avert plague.
Greek	mythological figures			Hyamus — maternal grandfather of Delphus.
Greek	mythological figures			Hyettus — An Argive, reputedly the first person to ever commit murder over adultery.
Greek	mythological figures			Hylas — Arms bearer to Heracles.
Greek	mythological figures			Hyllus — Son of Heracles and Deianira.
Greek	mythological figures			Hyperbius — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Hyperenor — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Hyperes — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Hyperippe — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Hypermnestra — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Hyperochus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Hyperphas — father of Euryganeia and Euryanassa.
Greek	mythological figures			Hypsenor — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Hyrmine — The wife of Phorbas.
Greek	mythological figures			Hyrnetho — The wife of Deiphontes.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Ialmenus — A son of Ares who sailed with the Argonauts.
Greek	mythological figures			Iasus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Icarius — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Icarus — The son of Daedalus, who fell to his death.
Greek	mythological figures			Ilione — Daughter of Priam and wife of Polymestor.
Greek	mythological figures			Ilioneus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Imbrius — A son-in-law of Priam.
Greek	mythological figures			Ino (Ἰνώ) — a Theban princess who became the sea goddess Leucothea
Greek	mythological figures			Iodame — Daughter of Itonus, turned to stone by Athena.
Greek	mythological figures			Iolaus, nephew of Heracles who aided his uncle in one of his Labors
Greek	mythological figures			Iole — Daughter of Eurytus.
Greek	mythological figures			Ion — Son of Apollo and Creusa, wife of Xuthus.
Greek	mythological figures			Iphianassa — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Iphianeira — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Iphicles — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Iphidamas — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Iphimedeia — A lover of Poseidon.
Greek	mythological figures			Iphinoe — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Iphitus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Iphthime — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Itonus — Son of Amphictyon and founder of a shrine to Athena.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Lamedon — A son of Coronus of Sicyon.
Greek	mythological figures			Lampus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Laodamas — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Laodamia — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Laodice — A daughter of Priam.
Greek	mythological figures			Laonome — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Laophoon — A Paeonian ally of the Trojans in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Laothoe — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Lapithes — eponym of the Lapiths.
Greek	mythological figures			Leitus — A leader of the Achaean forces during the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Leos — name of two Attic heroes.
Greek	mythological figures			Lepreus — A grandson of Poseidon and an enemy of Heracles.
Greek	mythological figures			Lethaea — A woman turned into stone for her vanity.
Greek	mythological figures			Leucippus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Leucon — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Leuconoe — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Leucophrye — Daughter of Mandrolytus; she betrayed her city for the love of a man.
Greek	mythological figures			Leucus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Lityerses — A son of Midas killed by Heracles, and eponym of a kind of reaping songs.
Greek	mythological figures			Lophis — The young son of a Boeotian king.
Greek	mythological figures			Lupa — The minor goddess of wolves.
Greek	mythological figures			Lycaon of Troy — A son of Priam, killed by Achilles.
Greek	mythological figures			Lycaste — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Lycastus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Lycorus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Lycurgus of Thrace — A king of the Edoni in Thrace.
Greek	mythological figures			Lysianassa — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Lysimache — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Lysippe — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Machaon — A physician and son of Asclepius who fought on the side of the Greeks in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Maeon — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Magnes — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Mantius — A son of Melampus and father of Cleitus.
Greek	mythological figures			Mariandynus — Eponymous hero of the Mariandyni.
Greek	mythological figures			Mecisteus — Son of Talaus who participated in the war of the Seven Against Thebes.
Greek	mythological figures			Meda — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Medôn — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Megapenthes — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Melanippus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Melantho — A disloyal servant of Penelope.
Greek	mythological figures			Melas — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Meliboea — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Melicertes — Son of Athamas and Ino who was transformed into the marine god Palaemon.
Greek	mythological figures			Melite — An eponymous heroine of a deme in Attica.
Greek	mythological figures			Memphis — eponym of Memphis, Egypt.
Greek	mythological figures			Menippe — A daughter of Orion who was transformed into a comet.
Greek	mythological figures			Messene — An ambitious Argive princess for whom Messenia was named.
Greek	mythological figures			Metaneira — wife of Celeus, king of Eleusis.
Greek	mythological figures			Metioche — A daughter of Orion who was transformed into a comet.
Greek	mythological figures			Mestor — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Mestra — Daughter of Erysichthon who possessed the gift of shape-shifting.
Greek	mythological figures			Miletus — A son of Apollo and founder of the city Miletus.
Greek	mythological figures			Minyas — founder of Orchomenus in Boeotia.
Greek	mythological figures			Molurus — The man killed by Hyettus.
Greek	mythological figures			Munichus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Myrina — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Myrmidon — eponymous progenitor of the Myrmidons.
Greek	mythological figures			Myrmidone — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Myrrha — The mother of Adonis.
Greek	mythological figures			Myrtilus — charioteer of Oenomaus.
Greek	mythological figures			Myrto — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Mysius — An Argive who offered hospitality to Demeter.
Greek	mythological figures			Mytilene — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Narcissus — A young man who fell in love with his own reflection.
Greek	mythological figures			Naubolus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Nausicaa — A Phaeacian princess who aided Odysseus.
Greek	mythological figures			Nausithous — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Neoptolemus — A son of Achilles.
Greek	mythological figures			Nicippe — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Nireus — An Achaean leader during the Trojan War, renowned for his beauty.
Greek	mythological figures			Nyctimene — A woman transformed by Athena into an owl.
Greek	mythological figures			Nyctimus — A son of Lycaon who was killed and served up as a meal to Zeus.
Greek	mythological figures			Nemesis — Goddess of revenge.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Oenoe — The name of several mythological characters.
Greek	mythological figures			Oenone — The first wife of Paris, whom he abandoned in favour of Helen.
Greek	mythological figures			Oenotrus — A son of Lycaon.
Greek	mythological figures			Olenus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Omphale — A queen of Lydia to whom Heracles was required to become a slave for the period of a year.
Greek	mythological figures			Oncius — A son of Apollo and eponymous hero of Oncium, Arcadia.
Greek	mythological figures			Orchomenus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Orestheus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Orion — A hunter whom Zeus placed among the stars as the constellation of Orion.
Greek	mythological figures			Orithyia (Ὠρείθυια) — an Athenian princess abducted by Boreas and made the goddess of cold, gusty mountain winds
Greek	mythological figures			Ormenus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Ornytion — A son of Sisyphus and ruler over Corinth.
Greek	mythological figures			Ornytus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Orsilochus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Othryoneus — A suitor of Cassandra.
Greek	mythological figures			Oxylus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Paeon (father of Agastrophus) — A Paeonian, father of Agastrophus and Laophoon.
Greek	mythological figures			Paeon (son of Antilochus) — A Messenian noble.
Greek	mythological figures			Paeon (son of Endymion) — Eponym of Paeonia.
Greek	mythological figures			Paeon (son of Poseidon) — By Helle, sister of Phrixus.
Greek	mythological figures			Palaemon (Παλαίμων) — a Theban prince, made into a sea god along with his mother, Ino
Greek	mythological figures			Pallene — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Pandaie — A daughter of Heracles in India.
Greek	mythological figures			Pandareus — A friend of Tantalus who got involved into the latter's impious deeds.
Greek	mythological figures			Pandarus — A Trojan archer who fought in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Pandora II — A daughter of Deucalion and Pyrrha.
Greek	mythological figures			Panopeus — A son of Phocus.
Greek	mythological figures			Panthous — An elder of Troy.
Greek	mythological figures			Paris — A son of Priam whose abduction of Helen resulted in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Parthenos (Παρθένος) — princess of the Island of Naxos who leapt into the sea to escape her father's wrath; Apollo transformed her into demi-goddess.
Greek	mythological figures			Parthenopeus — one of the Seven Against Thebes.
Greek	mythological figures			Patroclus — A comrade of Achilles who was killed by Hector during the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Peirous — A Thracian ally of the Trojans.
Greek	mythological figures			Peisenor — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Peisidice — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Peisistratus — The youngest son of Nestor.
Greek	mythological figures			Pelopia — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Peneleos — An Achaean soldier in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Penthilus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Periboea — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Perigune — Daughter of Sinis and lover of Theseus.
Greek	mythological figures			Perileos — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Perimede — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Perimedes — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Periphas — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Periphetes — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Peristhenes — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Phaenops — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Phaëton — A son of Helios who lost control of his father's sun chariot and was struck down by Zeus to prevent disaster.
Greek	mythological figures			Phalanthus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Phalerus — A son of Alcon who sailed with the Argonauts.
Greek	mythological figures			Pharis — A son of Hermes and founder of Pharae in Messene.
Greek	mythological figures			Phemius — An Ithacan poet who performs in the house of Odysseus.
Greek	mythological figures			Phialo — A lover of Heracles.
Greek	mythological figures			Philemon — A virtuous old man who was rewarded by Zeus.
Greek	mythological figures			Philoctetes — A famed archer who participated in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Phlias — A son of Dionysus who sailed with the Argonauts.
Greek	mythological figures			Phocus — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Phoebe (Φοίβη) — the name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Phoenix — one of the Myrmidons who participated in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Phorbas — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Phorcys — A Phrygian ally of Priam in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Phrastor — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Phrixus — A son of Athamas and Nephele, rescued by Chrysomallus, the ram with the golden fleece.
Greek	mythological figures			Phrontis — A son of Phrixus who sailed with the Argonauts.
Greek	mythological figures			Phylacus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Phylas — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Phyleus — Son of Augeas.
Greek	mythological figures			Phyllis — wife of Demophon of Athens.
Greek	mythological figures			Phylonoe (Φυλονόη), daughter of Tyndareus and Leda, made immortal by Artemis
Greek	mythological figures			Physadeia — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Physcoa — member of the Sixteen Women and lover of Dionysus.
Greek	mythological figures			Phytalus — An Attic hero encountered by Demeter.
Greek	mythological figures			Pleuron — eponym of Pleuron, Aetolia.
Greek	mythological figures			Plexippus — The name of several mythological characters.
Greek	mythological figures			Podalirius — A healer and son of Asclepius who participated in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Polites — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Polyboea — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Polycaon — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Polycaste — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Polydorus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Polymele — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Polypheides — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Polystratus — A youth of Dyme, Achaea.
Greek	mythological figures			Polyxenus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Polyxo — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Praxithea — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Presbon — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Proclia — Daughter of Laomedon, sister of Priam and wife of Cycnus.
Greek	mythological figures			Procrustes — A rogue smith and bandit from Attica who attacked people.
Greek	mythological figures			Promedon — Possibly a follower of Orpheus.
Greek	mythological figures			Pronax — A brother of Adrastus.
Greek	mythological figures			Prosymnus — A shepherd who aided Dionysus in rescuing Semele from Hades.
Greek	mythological figures			Protesilaus — The first Greek soldier to die at Troy.
Greek	mythological figures			Prothoenor — one of the Greek leaders in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Psophis — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Pterelaos — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Ptous — eponym of Mount Ptous in Boeotia.
Greek	mythological figures			Pygmalion — A sculptor who fell in love with his own creation.
Greek	mythological figures			Pylaeus — A Pelasgian ally of the Trojans.
Greek	mythological figures			Pylaemenes — An Enetian ally of the Trojans.
Greek	mythological figures			Pyraechmes — A Paeonian ally of the Trojans.
Greek	mythological figures			Pyramus — Tragic lover of Thisbe, on whom Shakespeare's Romeo is based.
Greek	mythological figures			Pyrrha — Wife of Deucalion.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Rarus — A possible father of Triptolemus.
Greek	mythological figures			Rhadine and Leontichus — Star-crossed lovers.
Greek	mythological figures			Rhoeo — A lover of Apollo.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Saon — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Schedius — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Schoeneus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Scylaceus — A Lycian ally of the Trojans.
Greek	mythological figures			Selemnus — A man who loved the sea nymph Argyra.
Greek	mythological figures			Selene — The goddess of the moon.
Greek	mythological figures			Sidero — Stepmother of Tyro.
Greek	mythological figures			Socus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Solymus — Ancestral hero of the Solymi tribe in Lycia.
Greek	mythological figures			Sostratus — A beloved of Heracles.
Greek	mythological figures			Sparta — wife of Lacedaemon for whom the city of Sparta was named.
Greek	mythological figures			Staphylus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Stentor — A herald of the Greek forces during the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Stheneboea — Daughter of Iobates and consort of Proteus.
Greek	mythological figures			Sthenele — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Sthenelus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Stratonice — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Strophius — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Stymphalus — A son of Elatus.
Greek	mythological figures			Syleus — A Lydian who forced people to dig his vineyard and was killed by Heracles.
Greek	mythological figures			Syme — Eponym of the island Syme.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Teuthras — a native of Magnesia, who fought at Troy and was killed by Hector and Ares.[1]
Greek	mythological figures			Teuthras — an Athenian, founder and eponym of Teuthrone in Laconia.[2]
Greek	mythological figures			Teuthras — Brother of Tyres and one of the companions of Aeneas.[3]
Greek	mythological figures			Teuthras — a young man of Argos, son of Iphiclus; he was shot to death by the Amazon Hippolyta during the Parthian War.[4]
Greek	mythological figures			Tecmessa — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Tegeates — founder of Tegea.
Greek	mythological figures			Telecleia — A daughter of Ilus and wife of Cisseus.
Greek	mythological figures			Telegonus — Son of Circe and Odysseus.
Greek	mythological figures			Telemachus — Son of Odysseus and Penelope, and a central character in the Odyssey.
Greek	mythological figures			Teleon — father of Butes and Eribotes.
Greek	mythological figures			Telephassa — wife of Agenor and mother of Cadmus.
Greek	mythological figures			Tenes — eponymous hero of Tenedos.
Greek	mythological figures			Termerus — A bandit killed by Heracles.
Greek	mythological figures			Theiodamas — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Themiste — A daughter of Ilus and mother of Anchises.
Greek	mythological figures			Themisto — Third wife of Athamas.
Greek	mythological figures			Theobule — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Theonoe — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Theophane — A lover of Poseidon, changed into an ewe.
Greek	mythological figures			Thero — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Thersander — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Thersites — A soldier of the Greek army during the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Thespius — founder-king of Thespiae Boeotia.
Greek	mythological figures			Thestius — father of Iphicles.
Greek	mythological figures			Thestor — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Thisbe — Tragic lover of Pyramus, on whom Shakespeare's Juliet is based.
Greek	mythological figures			Thoas — A leader of the Aetolian armies during the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Thoön — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Thrace, the daughter of Oceanus and Parthenope, and sister of Europa
Greek	mythological figures			Thrasymedes — Soldier who fought on the side of the Greeks in the Trojan War.
Greek	mythological figures			Thymoetes — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Timandra — Daughter of Leda and Tyndareus.
Greek	mythological figures			Tithonus — lover of Eos, granted immortality but not eternal youth.
Greek	mythological figures			Tlepolemus — A son of Heracles who fought in the Trojan War of the side of the Greeks.
Greek	mythological figures			Toxeus — The name of several mythological characters.
Greek	mythological figures			Trambelus — A son of Telamon and half-brother of Ajax.
Greek	mythological figures			Trochilus — Possible inventor of the chariot linked to cults of Hera and Demeter.
Greek	mythological figures			Troezen — A son of Pelops and eponym of the city Troezen.
Greek	mythological figures			Trophonius — An architect, brother of Agamedes.
Greek	mythological figures			Tydeus — father of Diomedes and one of the Seven Against Thebes.
Greek	mythological figures			Tyres, a companion of Aeneas along with his brother Teuthras.[5]
Greek	mythological figures			Tyres, a warrior in the army of Perses who fought and died in the war between Perses and Aeetes.[6]
Greek	mythological figures			Tyro — Daughter of Salmoneus.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Ucalegon — An elder of Troy.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Xanthippe — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Xanthius — A descendent of Bellerophon and father of Leucippus.
Greek	mythological figures			Xanthus — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Xuthus — A son of Hellen and Orseis and father of Ion and Achaeus.
Greek	mythological figures
Greek	mythological figures			Zarex — A son of Carystus and founder of the town Zarex in Laconia.
Greek	mythological figures			Zetes — An Argonaut and son of Boreas.
Greek	mythological figures			Zeuxippe — The name of several mythological figures.
Greek	mythological figures			Zeuxippus — The name of several mythological figures.



Animals				Adzebill
Animals				Aardwolf
Animals				Turaco
Animals				Ichneumon
Animals				Nyala
Animals				Dabchick
Animals				Nutria
Animals				Solenodon
Animals				Linsang
Animals				Aberdevine
Animals				Morel
Animals				Thamin
Animals				Guenon
Animals				Yaffingale
Animals				Grayling
Animals				Mangabey
Animals				Culex
Animals				Dobsonfly
Animals				Percheron
Animals				Brachet
Animals				Coypu
Animals				Francolin
