name_source	name	source	type	name1	name2	descr1	descr2	descr3	description
		Greek	Kings						Megareus of Onchestus, a king of Onchestus in Boeotia
	Termerus	Greek	mythological figures			Termerus			Termerus — A bandit killed by Heracles.
Παλαίμων	Palaemon	Greek	mythological figures			Palaemon	Παλαίμων	 — a Theban prince, made into a sea god along with his mother, Ino	Palaemon (Παλαίμων) — a Theban prince, made into a sea god along with his mother, Ino
		Greek	mythological figures						
Στύξ (Stýx)	Styx	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of the Underworld river Styx and personification of hatred.
Ναιάδες	Naiades	Greek	Rustic deities			Naiades	Ναιάδες	, fresh water nymphs	Naiades (Ναιάδες), fresh water nymphs
Ὀϊζύς	Oizys	Greek	Spirits			Oizys	Ὀϊζύς	, spirit of woe and misery	Oizys (Ὀϊζύς), spirit of woe and misery
	Theobule	Greek	mythological figures			Theobule			Theobule — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀμαρυγκεύς	Amarynceus	Greek	mythological figures			Amarynceus	Ἀμαρυγκεύς	 — a chief of the Eleans.	Amarynceus (Ἀμαρυγκεύς) — a chief of the Eleans.
	Cragaleus	Greek	mythological figures			Cragaleus			Cragaleus — A man transformed into stone by Apollo.
Ἀμφίων	Amphion	Greek	mythological figures			Amphion	Ἀμφίων	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Amphion (Ἀμφίων) — the name of several mythological figures.
	Iphianassa	Greek	mythological figures			Iphianassa			Iphianassa — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	mythological figures						Iolaus, nephew of Heracles who aided his uncle in one of his Labors
Φοίβη	Phoebe	Greek	Deified mortals			Phoebe	Φοίβη	, wife of Pollux	Phoebe (Φοίβη), wife of Pollux
		Greek	Kings						Busiris, a king of Egypt
	Sthenelus	Greek	mythological figures			Sthenelus			Sthenelus — The name of several mythological figures.
Nῆσοι (Nē̂soi)	The Nesoi	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The goddesses of the islands and sea.
Κάστωρ	Castor	Greek	Deified mortals			Castor	Κάστωρ		Castor (Κάστωρ)
	Eumedes	Greek	mythological figures			Eumedes			Eumedes — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἑρμαφρόδιτος	Hermaphroditus	Greek	Spirits			Hermaphroditus	Ἑρμαφρόδιτος	, god of hermaphrodites, effeminate men and androgyny	Hermaphroditus (Ἑρμαφρόδιτος), god of hermaphrodites, effeminate men and androgyny
Ορμενος	Ormenos	Greek	Sea deities			Ormenos	Ορμενος		Ormenos (Ορμενος)
Ἀλκμήνη	Alcmene	Greek	mythological figures			Alcmene	Ἀλκμήνη	 — mother of Heracles.	Alcmene (Ἀλκμήνη) — mother of Heracles.
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Calchas, an Argive seer who aided the Greeks during the Trojan War
	Epeius	Greek	mythological figures			Epeius			Epeius — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἑρμιόνη	Hermione	Greek	Notable women			Hermione	Ἑρμιόνη	, daughter of Menelaus and Helen; wife of Neoptolemus, and later Orestes	Hermione (Ἑρμιόνη), daughter of Menelaus and Helen; wife of Neoptolemus, and later Orestes
		Greek	Kings						Cres, an early Cretan king
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Idmon, a seer who sailed with the Argonauts
Αδράστεια	Adrasteia	Greek	Rustic deities			Adrasteia	Αδράστεια	, a nursemaid of the infant Zeus	Adrasteia (Αδράστεια), a nursemaid of the infant Zeus
Διώνη (Diṓnē)	Dione	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of the oracle of Dodona.
Αλκίνους or Ἀλκίνοος	Alcinous	Greek	Kings			Alcinous	Αλκίνους or Ἀλκίνοος	, a king of Phaeacia	Alcinous (Αλκίνους or Ἀλκίνοος), a king of Phaeacia
Πολυμάθεια	Polymatheia	Greek	Other deities			Polymatheia	Πολυμάθεια	, muse of knowledge	Polymatheia (Πολυμάθεια), muse of knowledge
Κρόνος	Cronus	Greek	Chthonic deities			Cronus	Κρόνος	, deposed king of the Titans; after his release from Tartarus he was appointed king of the Island of the Blessed	Cronus (Κρόνος), deposed king of the Titans; after his release from Tartarus he was appointed king of the Island of the Blessed
	Gerana	Greek	mythological figures			Gerana			Gerana — A Pygmy queen changed into a crane.
	Carius	Greek	mythological figures			Carius			Carius — A son of Zeus believed to have learned music from nymphs.
	Pandarus	Greek	mythological figures			Pandarus			Pandarus — A Trojan archer who fought in the Trojan War.
	Ilioneus	Greek	mythological figures			Ilioneus			Ilioneus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Demonice	Greek	mythological figures			Demonice			Demonice — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	mythological figures						Aegimius, a king of Thessaly and progenitor of the Dorians
	Cerdo	Greek	mythological figures			Cerdo			Cerdo — wife of Phoroneus.
Θάληστρις	Thalestris	Greek	Amazons			Thalestris	Θάληστρις	, a queen of the Amazons	Thalestris (Θάληστρις), a queen of the Amazons
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Carya, a seer and lover of Dionysus
Γαῖα (Gaîa)	Gaia (Gaea)	Greek	Ancient Greek name			Personification of the Earth	Mother Earth	; mother of the Titans.	Personification of the Earth (Mother Earth); mother of the Titans.
		Greek	Kings						Cyzicus, king of the Dolionians, mistakenly killed by the Argonauts
Πενθεσίλεια	Penthesilea	Greek	Amazons			Penthesilea	Πενθεσίλεια	, an Amazon queen who fought in the Trojan War on the side of Troy	Penthesilea (Πενθεσίλεια), an Amazon queen who fought in the Trojan War on the side of Troy
		Animals							Nyala
Αρετούσα	Arethusa	Greek	Sea deities			Arethusa	Αρετούσα	, a daughter of Nereus who was transformed into a fountain	Arethusa (Αρετούσα), a daughter of Nereus who was transformed into a fountain
		Animals							Dabchick
		Greek	Kings						Telephus, a king of Mysia and son of Heracles
Ανατολή	Anatole	Greek	Rustic deities			Anatole	Ανατολή	 or Anatolia (Ανατολία), sunrise	Anatole (Ανατολή) or Anatolia (Ανατολία), sunrise
	Epidaurus	Greek	mythological figures			Epidaurus			Epidaurus — eponymous hero of the city Epidaurus.
Βολίνα	Bolina	Greek	mythological figures			Bolina	Βολίνα	 — a mortal woman transformed into an immortal nymph by Apollo	Bolina (Βολίνα) — a mortal woman transformed into an immortal nymph by Apollo
Ἀναξαρέτη	Anaxarete	Greek	mythological figures			Anaxarete	Ἀναξαρέτη	 — a Cypriot maiden turned to stone by Aphrodite for refusing her suitor's advances.	Anaxarete (Ἀναξαρέτη) — a Cypriot maiden turned to stone by Aphrodite for refusing her suitor's advances.
	Teuthras	Greek	mythological figures			Teuthras			Teuthras — Brother of Tyres and one of the companions of Aeneas.[3]
	Sparta	Greek	mythological figures			Sparta			Sparta — wife of Lacedaemon for whom the city of Sparta was named.
	Dolops	Greek	mythological figures			Dolops			Dolops — The name of several mythological figures.
	Polycaste	Greek	mythological figures			Polycaste			Polycaste — The name of several mythological figures.
	Areithous	Greek	mythological figures			Areithous			Areithous — The name of several mythological figures.
	Astyanassa	Greek	mythological figures			Astyanassa			Astyanassa — Helen of Troy's maid.
Ερμής	Hermes	Greek	Rustic deities			Hermes	Ερμής	, god of herds and flocks, of roads and boundary stones, and the god of thieves.	Hermes (Ερμής), god of herds and flocks, of roads and boundary stones, and the god of thieves.
Πόρος	Poros	Greek	Spirits			Poros	Πόρος	, spirit of expediency, the means of accomplishing or providing, contrivance and device	Poros (Πόρος), spirit of expediency, the means of accomplishing or providing, contrivance and device
Παλαίμων	Palaemon	Greek	Deified mortals			Palaemon	Παλαίμων	, a Theban prince, made into a sea god along with his mother, Ino	Palaemon (Παλαίμων), a Theban prince, made into a sea god along with his mother, Ino
		Greek	Spirits						Roma, a female deity who personified the city of Rome
Ζεύς	Zeus	Greek	Sky deities			Zeus	Ζεύς	, King of Heaven and god of the sky, clouds, thunder, and lightning	Zeus (Ζεύς), King of Heaven and god of the sky, clouds, thunder, and lightning
Ἀμφινόμη	Amphinome	Greek	mythological figures			Amphinome	Ἀμφινόμη	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Amphinome (Ἀμφινόμη) — the name of several mythological figures.
	Laophoon	Greek	mythological figures			Laophoon			Laophoon — A Paeonian ally of the Trojans in the Trojan War.
Πέρσης (Pérsēs)	Perses	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titan of destruction.
Βρέμουσα	Bremusa	Greek	Amazons			Bremusa	Βρέμουσα	, an Amazonian warrior, killed by Idomeneus at Troy	Bremusa (Βρέμουσα), an Amazonian warrior, killed by Idomeneus at Troy
Ὑγεία	Hygieia	Greek	Agricultural deities			Hygieia	Ὑγεία	, goddess of cleanliness and good health	Hygieia (Ὑγεία), goddess of cleanliness and good health
	Hyperbius	Greek	mythological figures			Hyperbius			Hyperbius — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀστραῖος	Astraios	Greek	Sky deities			Astraios	Ἀστραῖος	, Titan god of stars and planets, and the art of astrology	Astraios (Ἀστραῖος), Titan god of stars and planets, and the art of astrology
Φλεγέθων	Phlegethon	Greek	Chthonic deities			Phlegethon	Φλεγέθων	, the river of fire	Phlegethon (Φλεγέθων), the river of fire
Ἀντήνωρ	Antenor	Greek	mythological figures			Antenor	Ἀντήνωρ	 — a counselor of Priam.	Antenor (Ἀντήνωρ) — a counselor of Priam.
Κλωθώ	Clotho	Greek	Spirits			Clotho	Κλωθώ	, the spinner of the life thread	Clotho (Κλωθώ), the spinner of the life thread
		Greek	Kings						Asterion, a king of Crete
	Teuthras	Greek	mythological figures			Teuthras			Teuthras — an Athenian, founder and eponym of Teuthrone in Laconia.[2]
father of Agastrophus	Paeon	Greek	mythological figures			Paeon	father of Agastrophus	 — A Paeonian, father of Agastrophus and Laophoon.	Paeon (father of Agastrophus) — A Paeonian, father of Agastrophus and Laophoon.
Αχελώος	Achelous	Greek	Sea deities			Achelous	Αχελώος	, shark-shaped sea spirit[citation needed]	Achelous (Αχελώος), shark-shaped sea spirit[citation needed]
Στερόπης	Steropes	Greek	Gigantes			Steropes	Στερόπης		Steropes (Στερόπης)
	Polypheides	Greek	mythological figures			Polypheides			Polypheides — The name of several mythological figures.
Πολυδεύκης	Pollux	Greek	Deified mortals			Pollux	Πολυδεύκης		Pollux (Πολυδεύκης)
Σωτηρία	Soteria	Greek	Spirits			Soteria	Σωτηρία	, female personification of safety, preservation, and deliverance from harm	Soteria (Σωτηρία), female personification of safety, preservation, and deliverance from harm
Ότος	Otus or Otos	Greek	Gigantes			Otus or Otos	Ότος		Otus or Otos (Ότος)
	Gorgophone	Greek	mythological figures			Gorgophone			Gorgophone — Daughter of Perseus and Andromeda.
Εὐρυπύλη	Eurypyle	Greek	Amazons			Eurypyle	Εὐρυπύλη	, an Amazon leader who invaded Ninus and Babylonia	Eurypyle (Εὐρυπύλη), an Amazon leader who invaded Ninus and Babylonia
Δεινώ	Deino	Greek	Sea deities			Deino	Δεινώ		Deino (Δεινώ)
Λύπη	Lupe	Greek	Spirits			Lupe	Λύπη	 "pain, grief, sadness"	Lupe (Λύπη) "pain, grief, sadness"
		Greek	mythological figures						Amycus, son of Poseidon and king of the Bebryces
		Greek	Kings						Erginus, a king of Minyean Orchomenus in Boeotia
		Animals							Mangabey
	Messene	Greek	mythological figures			Messene			Messene — An ambitious Argive princess for whom Messenia was named.
Ἀντίλοχος	Antilochus	Greek	Heroes			Antilochus	Ἀντίλοχος	, Son of Nestor sacrificed himself to save his father in the Trojan War along with other deeds of valor	Antilochus (Ἀντίλοχος), Son of Nestor sacrificed himself to save his father in the Trojan War along with other deeds of valor
	Aretaon	Greek	mythological figures			Aretaon			Aretaon — The name of several mythological figures.
Πυρόεις	Pyroeis	Greek	Sky deities			Pyroeis	Πυρόεις	, god of Areios, the planet Mars	Pyroeis (Πυρόεις), god of Areios, the planet Mars
		Greek	Kings						Pirithoös, king of the Lapiths and husband of Hippodamia, at whose wedding the Battle of Lapiths and Centaurs occurred
	Nicippe	Greek	mythological figures			Nicippe			Nicippe — The name of several mythological figures.
Φάνης (Phánēs)	Phanes	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The god of procreation in the Orphic tradition.
Φοίβη (Phoíbē)	Phoebe	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of the "bright" intellect and prophecy, and consort of Koios.
		Greek	mythological figures						Actaeus, first king of Attica
	Dexamenus	Greek	mythological figures			Dexamenus			Dexamenus — The name of several mythological figures.
Ηάρπυιαι	The Harpies	Greek	Sea deities			The Harpies	Ηάρπυιαι	, winged spirits of sudden, sharp gusts of wind	The Harpies (Ηάρπυιαι), winged spirits of sudden, sharp gusts of wind
Ὑπερίων (Hyperíōn)	Hyperion	Greek	The Twelve Titans			Titan of light. With Theia, he is the father of Helios	the sun	, Selene (the moon), and Eos (the dawn).	Titan of light. With Theia, he is the father of Helios (the sun), Selene (the moon), and Eos (the dawn).
	Chryses	Greek	mythological figures			Chryses			Chryses — A priest of Apollo and father of Chryseis.
	Strophius	Greek	mythological figures			Strophius			Strophius — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Tiresias, blind prophet of Thebes
Χάρυβδις	Charybdis	Greek	Sea deities			Charybdis	Χάρυβδις	, a sea monster and spirit of whirlpools and the tide	Charybdis (Χάρυβδις), a sea monster and spirit of whirlpools and the tide
	Icarus	Greek	mythological figures			Icarus			Icarus — The son of Daedalus, who fell to his death.
		Animals							Aberdevine
Σκύλλα	Scylla	Greek	Sea deities			Scylla	Σκύλλα	, monstrous sea goddess	Scylla (Σκύλλα), monstrous sea goddess
Ἡμιθέα	Hemithea	Greek	mythological figures			Hemithea	Ἡμιθέα	 — princess of the Island of Naxos who leapt into the sea to escape her father's wrath; Apollo transformed her into demi-goddess.	Hemithea (Ἡμιθέα) — princess of the Island of Naxos who leapt into the sea to escape her father's wrath; Apollo transformed her into demi-goddess.
	Arceophon	Greek	mythological figures			Arceophon			Arceophon — A Phoenician man who committed suicide after being spurned by his beloved.
Ίρις	Iris	Greek	Sky deities			Iris	Ίρις	, goddess of the rainbow and divine messenger	Iris (Ίρις), goddess of the rainbow and divine messenger
		Animals							Brachet
Βύθος	Bythos	Greek	Sea deities			Bythos	Βύθος	 "sea depth"	Bythos (Βύθος) "sea depth"
	Tenes	Greek	mythological figures			Tenes			Tenes — eponymous hero of Tenedos.
Ἀμφίνομος	Amphinomus	Greek	mythological figures			Amphinomus	Ἀμφίνομος	 — a son of Nisos and one of Penelope's suitors during the Odyssey.	Amphinomus (Ἀμφίνομος) — a son of Nisos and one of Penelope's suitors during the Odyssey.
Νείλος	Nilus	Greek	Rustic deities			Nilus	Νείλος		Nilus (Νείλος)
Κελαινώ	Celaeno	Greek	Amazons			Celaeno	Κελαινώ	, an Amazonian warrior, killed by Heracles	Celaeno (Κελαινώ), an Amazonian warrior, killed by Heracles
	Calyce	Greek	mythological figures			Calyce			Calyce — The name of several mythological figures.
	Zarex	Greek	mythological figures			Zarex			Zarex — A son of Carystus and founder of the town Zarex in Laconia.
		Greek	Kings						Echemus, a king of Arcadia
	Crisus	Greek	mythological figures			Crisus			Crisus — founder of the town of Crissa.
Χειμών	Cheimon	Greek	Rustic deities			Cheimon	Χειμών	, winter	Cheimon (Χειμών), winter
Φέρουσα	Pherousa	Greek	Rustic deities			Pherousa	Φέρουσα	 "the bringer"	Pherousa (Φέρουσα) "the bringer"
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Bakis
Εύνοστος	Eunostus	Greek	Agricultural deities			Eunostus	Εύνοστος	, goddess of the flour mill	Eunostus (Εύνοστος), goddess of the flour mill
	Copreus	Greek	mythological figures			Copreus			Copreus — herald of Eurystheus.
Πόνος	Ponos	Greek	Spirits			Ponos	Πόνος	, spirit of hard labour and toil	Ponos (Πόνος), spirit of hard labour and toil
	Eurycyda	Greek	mythological figures			Eurycyda			Eurycyda — A lover of Poseidon.
Ἄελλα	Aella	Greek	Amazons			Aella	Ἄελλα	, an Amazon who was killed by Heracles	Aella (Ἄελλα), an Amazon who was killed by Heracles
		Greek	mythological figures						Tyres, a warrior in the army of Perses who fought and died in the war between Perses and Aeetes.[6]
Πανδαισία	Pandaisia	Greek	Other deities			Pandaisia	Πανδαισία	 "banquet for everyone"	Pandaisia (Πανδαισία) "banquet for everyone"
Ευπορίη	Euporie	Greek	Rustic deities			Euporie	Ευπορίη	 "abundance"	Euporie (Ευπορίη) "abundance"
Ἄρης, Árēs	Ares	Greek	Deity			Ares	Ἄρης, Árēs	 God of war, bloodshed, and violence. The son of Zeus and Hera, he was depicted as a beardless youth, either nude with a helmet and spear or sword, or as an armed warrior. Homer portrays him as moody and unreliable, and as being the most unpopular god on earth and Olympus (Iliad 5.890–1). He generally represents the chaos of war in contrast to Athena, a goddess of military strategy and skill. Ares is known for cuckolding his brother Hephaestus, conducting an affair with his wife Aphrodite. His sacred animals include vultures, venomous snakes, dogs, and boars. His Roman counterpart Mars by contrast was regarded as the dignified ancestor of the Roman people.[3]	Ares (Ἄρης, Árēs) God of war, bloodshed, and violence. The son of Zeus and Hera, he was depicted as a beardless youth, either nude with a helmet and spear or sword, or as an armed warrior. Homer portrays him as moody and unreliable, and as being the most unpopular god on earth and Olympus (Iliad 5.890–1). He generally represents the chaos of war in contrast to Athena, a goddess of military strategy and skill. Ares is known for cuckolding his brother Hephaestus, conducting an affair with his wife Aphrodite. His sacred animals include vultures, venomous snakes, dogs, and boars. His Roman counterpart Mars by contrast was regarded as the dignified ancestor of the Roman people.[3]
Σαβάζιος	Sabazios	Greek	Sky deities			Sabazios	Σαβάζιος	, the nomadic horseman and sky father god of the Phrygians and Thracians	Sabazios (Σαβάζιος), the nomadic horseman and sky father god of the Phrygians and Thracians
Δαμναμενεύς	Damnameneus	Greek	Rustic deities			Damnameneus	Δαμναμενεύς		Damnameneus (Δαμναμενεύς)
	Cleitus	Greek	mythological figures			Cleitus			Cleitus — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Rustic deities						Elete, prayer, the first of the afternoon work hours
Ἀλκυονεύς	Alcyoneus	Greek	Gigantes			Alcyoneus	Ἀλκυονεύς	, a giant usually considered to be one of the Gigantes, slain by Heracles.	Alcyoneus (Ἀλκυονεύς), a giant usually considered to be one of the Gigantes, slain by Heracles.
	Cyanippus	Greek	mythological figures			Cyanippus			Cyanippus — The name of several mythological figures.
Θάλεια	Thalia	Greek	Other deities			Thalia	Θάλεια	, goddess of festive celebrations and rich and luxurious banquets	Thalia (Θάλεια), goddess of festive celebrations and rich and luxurious banquets
Δήλας	Delas	Greek	Rustic deities			Delas	Δήλας		Delas (Δήλας)
Προίωξις	Proioxis	Greek	Spirits			Proioxis	Προίωξις	, spirit of onrush and battlefield pursuit	Proioxis (Προίωξις), spirit of onrush and battlefield pursuit
Απόλλων	Apollo,	Greek	Sky deities			Apollo,	Απόλλων	, Olympian God of the sun, light, knowledge, music, healing, and the arts	Apollo, (Απόλλων), Olympian God of the sun, light, knowledge, music, healing, and the arts
Ἠπιόνη	Epione	Greek	Agricultural deities			Epione	Ἠπιόνη	, goddess of the soothing of pain	Epione (Ἠπιόνη), goddess of the soothing of pain
Ἡρακλῆς	Heracles	Greek	Spirits			Heracles	Ἡρακλῆς	, god of strength	Heracles (Ἡρακλῆς), god of strength
Πηνειός	Peneus	Greek	Rustic deities			Peneus	Πηνειός		Peneus (Πηνειός)
		Greek	Deified mortals						Athena pouring a drink for Heracles, who wears the skin of the Nemean Lion
		Greek	Kings						Proetus, a king of Argos and Tiryns
Ἑρμῆς, Hērmēs	Hermes	Greek	Deity			Hermes	Ἑρμῆς, Hērmēs	 God of boundaries, travel, communication, trade, language, and writing. Hermes was also responsible for protecting livestock and presided over the spheres associated with fertility, music, luck, and deception. [9] The son of Zeus and Maia, Hermes is the messenger of the gods, and a psychopomp who leads the souls of the dead into the afterlife. He was depicted either as a handsome and athletic beardless youth, or as an older bearded man. His attributes include the herald's wand or caduceus, winged sandals, and a traveler's cap. His sacred animals include the tortoise. His Roman counterpart is Mercury.	Hermes (Ἑρμῆς, Hērmēs) God of boundaries, travel, communication, trade, language, and writing. Hermes was also responsible for protecting livestock and presided over the spheres associated with fertility, music, luck, and deception. [9] The son of Zeus and Maia, Hermes is the messenger of the gods, and a psychopomp who leads the souls of the dead into the afterlife. He was depicted either as a handsome and athletic beardless youth, or as an older bearded man. His attributes include the herald's wand or caduceus, winged sandals, and a traveler's cap. His sacred animals include the tortoise. His Roman counterpart is Mercury.
	Teuthras	Greek	mythological figures			Teuthras			Teuthras — a young man of Argos, son of Iphiclus; he was shot to death by the Amazon Hippolyta during the Parthian War.[4]
Εὐρυάλη	Euryale	Greek	Sea deities			Euryale	Εὐρυάλη		Euryale (Εὐρυάλη)
	Nausicaa	Greek	mythological figures			Nausicaa			Nausicaa — A Phaeacian princess who aided Odysseus.
Στύξ	Styx	Greek	Chthonic deities			Styx	Στύξ	, the river of hatred and oaths	Styx (Στύξ), the river of hatred and oaths
τὰ Νείκη	The Neikea	Greek	Spirits			The Neikea	τὰ Νείκη	, spirits of quarrels, feuds and grievances	The Neikea (τὰ Νείκη), spirits of quarrels, feuds and grievances
Περσεύς	Perseus	Greek	Heroes			Perseus	Περσεύς	, son of Zeus and the founder-king of Mycenae and slayer of the Gorgon Medusa	Perseus (Περσεύς), son of Zeus and the founder-king of Mycenae and slayer of the Gorgon Medusa
Αἰδώς	Aidos	Greek	Spirits			Aidos	Αἰδώς	, spirit of modesty, reverence and respect	Aidos (Αἰδώς), spirit of modesty, reverence and respect
Καλλιόπη	Calliope	Greek	Other deities			Calliope	Καλλιόπη	, muse of epic poetry	Calliope (Καλλιόπη), muse of epic poetry
		Greek	mythological figures						Eunostus, a Boeotian hero
		Greek	Kings						Cinyras, a king of Cyprus and father of Adonis
Ἀλθαιμένης	Althaemenes	Greek	mythological figures			Althaemenes	Ἀλθαιμένης	 — son of Catreus, king of Crete; it was prophesied he would kill his own father.	Althaemenes (Ἀλθαιμένης) — son of Catreus, king of Crete; it was prophesied he would kill his own father.
Ἀβία	Abia	Greek	mythological figures			Abia	Ἀβία	 — nursemaid of Glenus, a son of Heracles.	Abia (Ἀβία) — nursemaid of Glenus, a son of Heracles.
		Greek	Kings						Odysseus, a hero and king of Ithaca whose adventures are the subject of Homer's Odyssey; he also played a key role during the Trojan War
Ὕπνος (Hypnos)	Hypnos	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The personification of sleep.
Τριτεια	Triteia	Greek	Sea deities			Triteia	Τριτεια	, daughter of Triton and companion of Ares	Triteia (Τριτεια), daughter of Triton and companion of Ares
	Hyperenor	Greek	mythological figures			Hyperenor			Hyperenor — The name of several mythological figures.
	Ucalegon	Greek	mythological figures			Ucalegon			Ucalegon — An elder of Troy.
		Greek	Kings						Aeëtes, a king of Colchis and father of Medea
		Greek	Kings						Teucer, founder-king of Salamis who fought alongside the Greeks in the Trojan War
Σελήνη (Selḗnē)	Selene	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of the moon.
Σελήνη	Selene	Greek	Sky deities			Selene	Σελήνη	, Titan goddess of the moon	Selene (Σελήνη), Titan goddess of the moon
	Leucus	Greek	mythological figures			Leucus			Leucus — The name of several mythological figures.
Κλάδεος	Cladeus	Greek	Rustic deities			Cladeus	Κλάδεος		Cladeus (Κλάδεος)
Καρμάνωρ	Carmanor	Greek	Agricultural deities			Carmanor	Καρμάνωρ	, a Cretan harvest god	Carmanor (Καρμάνωρ), a Cretan harvest god
		Greek	Kings						Peleus, king of the Myrmidons and father of Achilles; he sailed with the Argonauts and participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt
Ταράξιππος	Taraxippus	Greek	Other deities			Taraxippus	Ταράξιππος	, ghost that frightened horses	Taraxippus (Ταράξιππος), ghost that frightened horses
	Phorcys	Greek	mythological figures			Phorcys			Phorcys — A Phrygian ally of Priam in the Trojan War.
	Themisto	Greek	mythological figures			Themisto			Themisto — Third wife of Athamas.
Ουπις	Oupis	Greek	Rustic deities			Oupis	Ουπις	, represented aim	Oupis (Ουπις), represented aim
Δάμυσος	Damysus	Greek	Gigantes			Damysus	Δάμυσος	, the fastest of all the Giants in the Greek mythology.	Damysus (Δάμυσος), the fastest of all the Giants in the Greek mythology.
	Troezen	Greek	mythological figures			Troezen			Troezen — A son of Pelops and eponym of the city Troezen.
	Botres	Greek	mythological figures			Botres			Botres — A son of Eumelus, transformed into a bee-eater.
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Theoclymenus, an Argive seer
Κασσιόπεια	Cassiopeia	Greek	Notable women			Cassiopeia	Κασσιόπεια	, queen of Æthiopia and mother of Andromeda	Cassiopeia (Κασσιόπεια), queen of Æthiopia and mother of Andromeda
	Briseus	Greek	mythological figures			Briseus			Briseus — father of Briseis.
Φοβήτωρ	Phobetor	Greek	Spirits			Phobetor	Φοβήτωρ	 or Icelos (Ἴκελος), spirit of nightmares, who takes shape of animals	Phobetor (Φοβήτωρ) or Icelos (Ἴκελος), spirit of nightmares, who takes shape of animals
Εὐθενία	Euthenia	Greek	Spirits			Euthenia	Εὐθενία	, spirit of prosperity, abundance, and plenty	Euthenia (Εὐθενία), spirit of prosperity, abundance, and plenty
Κευθόνυμος	Keuthonymos	Greek	Chthonic deities			Keuthonymos	Κευθόνυμος	, an Underworld spirit and father of Menoetes	Keuthonymos (Κευθόνυμος), an Underworld spirit and father of Menoetes
Υπάτη	Hypate	Greek	Other deities			Hypate	Υπάτη	 "the upper (chord of the lyre)"	Hypate (Υπάτη) "the upper (chord of the lyre)"
Πειθώ	Peitho	Greek	Spirits			Peitho	Πειθώ	, spirit of persuasion and seduction	Peitho (Πειθώ), spirit of persuasion and seduction
	Chaeresilaus	Greek	mythological figures			Chaeresilaus			Chaeresilaus — Son of Iasius.
Χρυσών	Chryson	Greek	Sea deities			Chryson	Χρυσών		Chryson (Χρυσών)
	Polycaon	Greek	mythological figures			Polycaon			Polycaon — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Danaus, a king of Egypt and father of the Danaides
Ἀλωεύς	Aloeus	Greek	mythological figures			Aloeus	Ἀλωεύς	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Aloeus (Ἀλωεύς) — the name of several mythological figures.
ἔρωτες	Erotes	Greek	Spirits			Erotes	ἔρωτες		Erotes (ἔρωτες)
Χαλκών	Chalcon	Greek	Sea deities			Chalcon	Χαλκών		Chalcon (Χαλκών)
	Timandra	Greek	mythological figures			Timandra			Timandra — Daughter of Leda and Tyndareus.
Πανταρίστη	Pantariste	Greek	Amazons			Pantariste	Πανταρίστη	, an Amazon who fought with Hippolyta against Heracles	Pantariste (Πανταρίστη), an Amazon who fought with Hippolyta against Heracles
	Lepreus	Greek	mythological figures			Lepreus			Lepreus — A grandson of Poseidon and an enemy of Heracles.
Βρόντης	Brontes	Greek	Gigantes			Brontes	Βρόντης		Brontes (Βρόντης)
Κένταυροι	Centaurs	Greek	Rustic deities			Centaurs	Κένταυροι	, a race of half-man, half-horse beings	Centaurs (Κένταυροι), a race of half-man, half-horse beings
	Eurymedon	Greek	mythological figures			Eurymedon			Eurymedon — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἑκάβη	Hecuba	Greek	Notable women			Hecuba	Ἑκάβη	, wife of Priam, king of Troy, and mother of nineteen of his children	Hecuba (Ἑκάβη), wife of Priam, king of Troy, and mother of nineteen of his children
Παρθένος	Parthenos	Greek	mythological figures			Parthenos	Παρθένος	 — princess of the Island of Naxos who leapt into the sea to escape her father's wrath; Apollo transformed her into demi-goddess.	Parthenos (Παρθένος) — princess of the Island of Naxos who leapt into the sea to escape her father's wrath; Apollo transformed her into demi-goddess.
	Oenoe	Greek	mythological figures			Oenoe			Oenoe — The name of several mythological characters.
	Phaenops	Greek	mythological figures			Phaenops			Phaenops — The name of several mythological figures.
Ειδοθέα	Eidothea	Greek	Sea deities			Eidothea	Ειδοθέα	, prophetic sea nymph and daughter of Proteus	Eidothea (Ειδοθέα), prophetic sea nymph and daughter of Proteus
		Greek	mythological figures						
	Heleus	Greek	mythological figures			Heleus			Heleus — A son of Perseus and Andromeda.
Ἀριστόμαχος	Aristomachus	Greek	mythological figures			Aristomachus	Ἀριστόμαχος	 — The name of several mythological figures.	Aristomachus (Ἀριστόμαχος) — The name of several mythological figures.
	Phorbas	Greek	mythological figures			Phorbas			Phorbas — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Deified mortals						
	Byblis	Greek	mythological figures			Byblis			Byblis — A woman who fell in love with her twin brother.
		Greek	Rustic deities						
Ἀγαμέμνων	Agamemnon	Greek	Kings			Agamemnon	Ἀγαμέμνων	, a king of Mycenae and commander of the Greek armies during the Trojan War	Agamemnon (Ἀγαμέμνων), a king of Mycenae and commander of the Greek armies during the Trojan War
	Rarus	Greek	mythological figures			Rarus			Rarus — A possible father of Triptolemus.
	Peneleos	Greek	mythological figures			Peneleos			Peneleos — An Achaean soldier in the Trojan War.
Ἁλκιμάχη	Alcimache	Greek	mythological figures			Alcimache	Ἁλκιμάχη	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Alcimache (Ἁλκιμάχη) — the name of several mythological figures.
	Pandaie	Greek	mythological figures			Pandaie			Pandaie — A daughter of Heracles in India.
Ὠρίων	Orion	Greek	Gigantes			Orion	Ὠρίων	, a giant huntsman whom Zeus placed among the stars as the constellation of Orion	Orion (Ὠρίων), a giant huntsman whom Zeus placed among the stars as the constellation of Orion
Μελίαι	Meliae	Greek	Rustic deities			Meliae	Μελίαι	, nymphs of honey and the ash tree	Meliae (Μελίαι), nymphs of honey and the ash tree
Χαρικλώ	Chariclo	Greek	Rustic deities			Chariclo	Χαρικλώ	, wife of the centaur Chiron	Chariclo (Χαρικλώ), wife of the centaur Chiron
		Greek	Notable women						Medusa, a mortal woman transformed into a hideous gorgon by Athena
	Iphitus	Greek	mythological figures			Iphitus			Iphitus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Hermippe	Greek	mythological figures			Hermippe			Hermippe — wife of Orchomeus and mother of Minyas by Poseidon.
		Greek	mythological figures						Aëthlius, first king of Elis
Σκάμανδρος	Scamander	Greek	Rustic deities			Scamander	Σκάμανδρος		Scamander (Σκάμανδρος)
	Munichus	Greek	mythological figures			Munichus			Munichus — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Thersander, a king of Thebes and one of the Epigoni
Λιμός	Limos	Greek	Spirits			Limos	Λιμός	, spirit of hunger and starvation	Limos (Λιμός), spirit of hunger and starvation
	Lycastus	Greek	mythological figures			Lycastus			Lycastus — The name of several mythological figures.
Λήθη	Lethe	Greek	Chthonic deities			Lethe	Λήθη	, the river of forgetfulness	Lethe (Λήθη), the river of forgetfulness
Πάσσαλος	Passalos	Greek	Rustic deities			Passalos	Πάσσαλος		Passalos (Πάσσαλος)
	Myrina	Greek	mythological figures			Myrina			Myrina — The name of several mythological figures.
Μίνως	Minos	Greek	Chthonic deities			Minos	Μίνως	, former mortal king of Crete and judge of the final vote	Minos (Μίνως), former mortal king of Crete and judge of the final vote
	Hyacinthus	Greek	mythological figures			Hyacinthus			Hyacinthus — A lover of Apollo changed into a flower.
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Cassandra, a princess of Troy cursed to see the future but never to be believed
	Asterope	Greek	mythological figures			Asterope			Asterope — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Memnon, a king of Ethiopia who fought on the side of Troy during the Trojan War
	Nyctimene	Greek	mythological figures			Nyctimene			Nyctimene — A woman transformed by Athena into an owl.
	Hippocoön	Greek	mythological figures			Hippocoön			Hippocoön — The name of several mythological figures.
Μέση	Mese	Greek	Other deities			Mese	Μέση	 "the middle (chord of the lyre)"	Mese (Μέση) "the middle (chord of the lyre)"
		Greek	Kings						Arcesius, a king of Ithaca and father of Laertes
Ἑστία	Hestia	Greek	Agricultural deities			Hestia	Ἑστία	, maiden goddess of the hearth who presided over the baking of bread, mankind's staple food	Hestia (Ἑστία), maiden goddess of the hearth who presided over the baking of bread, mankind's staple food
	Lycaon of Troy	Greek	mythological figures			Lycaon of Troy			Lycaon of Troy — A son of Priam, killed by Achilles.
Αργέστης	Argestes	Greek	Sky deities			Argestes	Αργέστης	, another name for the west or northwest wind	Argestes (Αργέστης), another name for the west or northwest wind
	Leucippus	Greek	mythological figures			Leucippus			Leucippus — The name of several mythological figures.
Πένθος	Penthus	Greek	Spirits			Penthus	Πένθος	, spirit of grief, mourning, and lamentation	Penthus (Πένθος), spirit of grief, mourning, and lamentation
	Elpenor	Greek	mythological figures			Elpenor			Elpenor — A crew member of Odysseus, who died in an accident; his shade approached Odysseus in the Underworld to beg him for a proper burial.
		Greek							
	Coeranus	Greek	mythological figures			Coeranus			Coeranus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Perileos	Greek	mythological figures			Perileos			Perileos — The name of several mythological figures.
	Metioche	Greek	mythological figures			Metioche			Metioche — A daughter of Orion who was transformed into a comet.
Φαίνων	Phaenon	Greek	Sky deities			Phaenon	Φαίνων	, god of Kronion, the planet Saturn	Phaenon (Φαίνων), god of Kronion, the planet Saturn
	Physcoa	Greek	mythological figures			Physcoa			Physcoa — member of the Sixteen Women and lover of Dionysus.
Στερόπη	Sterope	Greek	Sky deities			Sterope	Στερόπη		Sterope (Στερόπη)
Ἀκοίτης	Acoetes	Greek	mythological figures			Acoetes	Ἀκοίτης	 — priest of Dionysus.	Acoetes (Ἀκοίτης) — priest of Dionysus.
Παννυχίς	Pannychis	Greek	Other deities			Pannychis	Παννυχίς	 "all-night (festivity)"	Pannychis (Παννυχίς) "all-night (festivity)"
	Ilione	Greek	mythological figures			Ilione			Ilione — Daughter of Priam and wife of Polymestor.
Αγλαΐα	Aglaea	Greek	Other deities			Aglaea	Αγλαΐα	, goddess of beauty, adornment, splendor and glory	Aglaea (Αγλαΐα), goddess of beauty, adornment, splendor and glory
Γαία	Gaia	Greek	Rustic deities			Gaia	Γαία	, primeval goddess of the earth	Gaia (Γαία), primeval goddess of the earth
Νυμφή	Nymphe	Greek	Rustic deities			Nymphe	Νυμφή	, the morning hour of ablutions (bathing, washing)	Nymphe (Νυμφή), the morning hour of ablutions (bathing, washing)
Νεφέλαι	Nephelai	Greek	Sky deities			Nephelai	Νεφέλαι	, cloud nymphs	Nephelai (Νεφέλαι), cloud nymphs
	Eriopis	Greek	mythological figures			Eriopis			Eriopis — The name of several mythological figures.
	Arcesilaus	Greek	mythological figures			Arcesilaus			Arcesilaus — One of the Greek leaders in the Trojan War.
	Acallaris	Greek	mythological figures			Acallaris			Acallaris — daughter of Eumedes.
Ἔρεβος (Érebos)	Erebus	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The god of darkness and shadow.
Μῶμος	Momus	Greek	Spirits			Momus	Μῶμος	, spirit of mockery, blame, censure and stinging criticism	Momus (Μῶμος), spirit of mockery, blame, censure and stinging criticism
Ἱππολύτη	Hippolyta	Greek	Amazons			Hippolyta	Ἱππολύτη	, a queen of Amazons and daughter of Ares	Hippolyta (Ἱππολύτη), a queen of Amazons and daughter of Ares
	Butes	Greek	mythological figures			Butes			Butes — The name of several mythological figures.
	Hypermnestra	Greek	mythological figures			Hypermnestra			Hypermnestra — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Haemus, a king of Thrace
Πρωτεύς	Proteus	Greek	Sea deities			Proteus	Πρωτεύς	, a shape-shifting, prophetic old sea god, and the herdsman of Poseidon's seals	Proteus (Πρωτεύς), a shape-shifting, prophetic old sea god, and the herdsman of Poseidon's seals
Ἡδύλογος	Hedylogos	Greek	Spirits			Hedylogos	Ἡδύλογος	, god of sweet talk and flattery	Hedylogos (Ἡδύλογος), god of sweet talk and flattery
Ἀχιλλεύς	Achilles	Greek	Deified mortals			Achilles	Ἀχιλλεύς	, hero of the Trojan War	Achilles (Ἀχιλλεύς), hero of the Trojan War
	Harpalion	Greek	mythological figures			Harpalion			Harpalion — The name of several mythological figures.
Kωκυτός	Cocytus	Greek	Rustic deities			Cocytus	Kωκυτός		Cocytus (Kωκυτός)
	Echetlus	Greek	mythological figures			Echetlus			Echetlus — an Athenian mythical hero fought in the Battle of Marathon.
Νύμφαι Υπερβόρειοι	The Nymphai Hyperboreioi	Greek	Rustic deities			The Nymphai Hyperboreioi	Νύμφαι Υπερβόρειοι	, who presided over aspects of archery	The Nymphai Hyperboreioi (Νύμφαι Υπερβόρειοι), who presided over aspects of archery
	Phlias	Greek	mythological figures			Phlias			Phlias — A son of Dionysus who sailed with the Argonauts.
Ἀγκαῖος	Ancaeus	Greek	mythological figures			Ancaeus	Ἀγκαῖος	 — the name of two separate Argonauts, each of whom was killed by a boar.	Ancaeus (Ἀγκαῖος) — the name of two separate Argonauts, each of whom was killed by a boar.
		Greek	Kings						Deiphontes, a king of Argos
Φυλονόη	Phylonoe	Greek	mythological figures			Phylonoe	Φυλονόη	, daughter of Tyndareus and Leda, made immortal by Artemis	Phylonoe (Φυλονόη), daughter of Tyndareus and Leda, made immortal by Artemis
Έσπερίς	Hesperis	Greek	Rustic deities			Hesperis	Έσπερίς	, evening	Hesperis (Έσπερίς), evening
	Lycurgus of Thrace	Greek	mythological figures			Lycurgus of Thrace			Lycurgus of Thrace — A king of the Edoni in Thrace.
	Bucolion	Greek	mythological figures			Bucolion			Bucolion — illegitimate son of the Trojan king Laomedon and half-brother of Priam.
Εἰρήνη	Eirene	Greek	Spirits			Eirene	Εἰρήνη	, goddess of peace	Eirene (Εἰρήνη), goddess of peace
		Greek	Kings						Ilus, founder-king of Troy
Ἀμφικτύων	Amphictyon	Greek	Kings			Amphictyon	Ἀμφικτύων	, a king of Athens	Amphictyon (Ἀμφικτύων), a king of Athens
	Enarete	Greek	mythological figures			Enarete			Enarete — wife of Aeolus.
	Melicertes	Greek	mythological figures			Melicertes			Melicertes — Son of Athamas and Ino who was transformed into the marine god Palaemon.
		Greek	Kings						Aegimius, a king of Thessaly and progenitor of the Dorians
Μενοίτης	Menoetes	Greek	Chthonic deities			Menoetes	Μενοίτης	, an Underworld spirit who herded the cattle of Hades	Menoetes (Μενοίτης), an Underworld spirit who herded the cattle of Hades
Δεῖμος	Deimos	Greek	Spirits			Deimos	Δεῖμος	, spirit of fear, dread, and terror	Deimos (Δεῖμος), spirit of fear, dread, and terror
Ταϋγέτη	Taygete	Greek	Sky deities			Taygete	Ταϋγέτη		Taygete (Ταϋγέτη)
		Greek	Kings						Aleus, a king of Tegea
Ἄγδιστις	Agdistis	Greek	Other deities			Agdistis	Ἄγδιστις	, Phrygian hermaphroditic deity	Agdistis (Ἄγδιστις), Phrygian hermaphroditic deity
Αἰτωλός	Aetolus	Greek	mythological figures			Aetolus	Αἰτωλός	 — son of Endymion, eponym of Aetolia.	Aetolus (Αἰτωλός) — son of Endymion, eponym of Aetolia.
Ἀλφεσιβοίας	Alphesiboea	Greek	mythological figures			Alphesiboea	Ἀλφεσιβοίας	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Alphesiboea (Ἀλφεσιβοίας) — the name of several mythological figures.
Εὐνομία	Eunomia	Greek	Spirits			Eunomia	Εὐνομία	, goddess of good order and lawful conduct	Eunomia (Εὐνομία), goddess of good order and lawful conduct
	Argynnus	Greek	mythological figures			Argynnus			Argynnus — Beloved of Agamemnon.
		Greek	Kings						Minos, a king of Crete; after his death, became one of the judges of the dead in the Underworld
		Greek	Kings						Bias, a king of Argos
	Clytus	Greek	mythological figures			Clytus			Clytus — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Notable women						Europa, a Phoenician woman, abducted by Zeus
	Phocus	Greek	mythological figures			Phocus			Phocus — the name of several mythological figures.
Ἄλγεα	Algea	Greek	Spirits			Algea	Ἄλγεα	, spirits of pain and suffering	Algea (Ἄλγεα), spirits of pain and suffering
	Lysippe	Greek	mythological figures			Lysippe			Lysippe — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀλκιμέδη	Alcimede	Greek	mythological figures			Alcimede	Ἀλκιμέδη	 — wife of Aeson and mother of Jason.	Alcimede (Ἀλκιμέδη) — wife of Aeson and mother of Jason.
	Laodice	Greek	mythological figures			Laodice			Laodice — A daughter of Priam.
Λαμπεδώ	Lampedo	Greek	Amazons			Lampedo	Λαμπεδώ	, an Amazon queen who ruled with her sister Marpesia	Lampedo (Λαμπεδώ), an Amazon queen who ruled with her sister Marpesia
	Hodites	Greek	mythological figures			Hodites			Hodites — The name of several mythological figures.
Μορμώ	Mormo	Greek	Chthonic deities			Mormo	Μορμώ	, a fearsome Underworld spirit or spirits in the train of Hecate	Mormo (Μορμώ), a fearsome Underworld spirit or spirits in the train of Hecate
	Deipyle	Greek	mythological figures			Deipyle			Deipyle — wife of Tydeus and mother of Diomedes.
Ἥλιος (Hḗlios)	Helios	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titan of the sun and guardian of oaths.
	Cleopatra	Greek	mythological figures			Cleopatra			Cleopatra — wife of Meleager.
Πραξιδίκη	Praxidike	Greek	Spirits			Praxidike	Πραξιδίκη	, spirit of exacting justice	Praxidike (Πραξιδίκη), spirit of exacting justice
	Autonoë	Greek	mythological figures			Autonoë			Autonoë — Daughter of Cadmus and mother of Actaeon.
		Animals							Thamin
		Greek	Kings						Cecrops, an autochthonous king of Athens
Ειρεσιώνη	Eiresione	Greek	Other deities			Eiresione	Ειρεσιώνη	, personification of the olive branch	Eiresione (Ειρεσιώνη), personification of the olive branch
	Mestor	Greek	mythological figures			Mestor			Mestor — The name of several mythological figures.
Τρίτωνες	Tritones	Greek	Sea deities			Tritones	Τρίτωνες	, fish-tailed spirits in Poseidon's retinue	Tritones (Τρίτωνες), fish-tailed spirits in Poseidon's retinue
Πσαμάθη	Psamathe	Greek	Sea deities			Psamathe	Πσαμάθη	, goddess of sand beaches	Psamathe (Πσαμάθη), goddess of sand beaches
	Phrixus	Greek	mythological figures			Phrixus			Phrixus — A son of Athamas and Nephele, rescued by Chrysomallus, the ram with the golden fleece.
		Greek							
Ἀφέλεια	Apheleia	Greek	Spirits			Apheleia	Ἀφέλεια	, spirit of simplicity	Apheleia (Ἀφέλεια), spirit of simplicity
Ἑκατόγχειρες	The Hekatonkheires	Greek	Gigantes			The Hekatonkheires	Ἑκατόγχειρες	, or Centimanes (Latin), the Hundred-Handed Ones, giant gods of violent storms and hurricanes. Three sons of Uranus and Gaia, each with their own distinct characters.[11]	The Hekatonkheires (Ἑκατόγχειρες), or Centimanes (Latin), the Hundred-Handed Ones, giant gods of violent storms and hurricanes. Three sons of Uranus and Gaia, each with their own distinct characters.[11]
	Sostratus	Greek	mythological figures			Sostratus			Sostratus — A beloved of Heracles.
Ἀνδρεύς	Andreus	Greek	mythological figures			Andreus	Ἀνδρεύς	 — son of the river-god Peneus.	Andreus (Ἀνδρεύς) — son of the river-god Peneus.
Δίκη	Dike	Greek	Rustic deities			Dike	Δίκη	, spirit of justice, may have represented springtime growth	Dike (Δίκη), spirit of justice, may have represented springtime growth
Ὠρείθυια	Orithyia	Greek	Deified mortals			Orithyia	Ὠρείθυια	, an Athenian princess abducted by Boreas and made the goddess of cold, gusty mountain winds	Orithyia (Ὠρείθυια), an Athenian princess abducted by Boreas and made the goddess of cold, gusty mountain winds
Γανυμήδης	Ganymede	Greek	Deified mortals			Ganymede	Γανυμήδης	, a handsome Trojan prince, abducted by Zeus and made cup-bearer of the gods	Ganymede (Γανυμήδης), a handsome Trojan prince, abducted by Zeus and made cup-bearer of the gods
Ανθούσαι	Anthousai	Greek	Rustic deities			Anthousai	Ανθούσαι	, flower nymphs	Anthousai (Ανθούσαι), flower nymphs
Ἥρα, Hḗra	Hera	Greek	Deity			Hera	Ἥρα, Hḗra	 Queen of the gods, and goddess of marriage, women, childbirth, heirs, kings, and empires. She is the wife and sister of Zeus, and the daughter of Cronus and Rhea. She was usually depicted as a regal woman in the prime of her life, wearing a diadem and veil and holding a lotus-tipped staff. Although she is the goddess of marriage, Zeus's many infidelities drive her to jealousy and vengefulness. Her sacred animals include the heifer, the peacock, and the cuckoo. Her Roman counterpart is Juno.	Hera (Ἥρα, Hḗra) Queen of the gods, and goddess of marriage, women, childbirth, heirs, kings, and empires. She is the wife and sister of Zeus, and the daughter of Cronus and Rhea. She was usually depicted as a regal woman in the prime of her life, wearing a diadem and veil and holding a lotus-tipped staff. Although she is the goddess of marriage, Zeus's many infidelities drive her to jealousy and vengefulness. Her sacred animals include the heifer, the peacock, and the cuckoo. Her Roman counterpart is Juno.
	Panopeus	Greek	mythological figures			Panopeus			Panopeus — A son of Phocus.
Ἀλάβανδος	Alabandus	Greek	mythological figures			Alabandus	Ἀλάβανδος	 — he was the founder of the town of Alabanda	Alabandus (Ἀλάβανδος) — he was the founder of the town of Alabanda
Φυλονόη	Phylonoe	Greek	Deified mortals			Phylonoe	Φυλονόη	, daughter of Tyndareus and Leda, made immortal by Artemis	Phylonoe (Φυλονόη), daughter of Tyndareus and Leda, made immortal by Artemis
Ἡμέρα (Hēméra)	Hemera	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The goddess of day.
Ανδρομάχη	Andromache	Greek	Notable women			Andromache	Ανδρομάχη	, wife of Hector	Andromache (Ανδρομάχη), wife of Hector
	Plexippus	Greek	mythological figures			Plexippus			Plexippus — The name of several mythological characters.
	Pyraechmes	Greek	mythological figures			Pyraechmes			Pyraechmes — A Paeonian ally of the Trojans.
	Hylas	Greek	mythological figures			Hylas			Hylas — Arms bearer to Heracles.
Παιάν	Paean	Greek	Agricultural deities			Paean	Παιάν	, physician of the gods	Paean (Παιάν), physician of the gods
		Greek	mythological figures						
		Greek	Inmates of Tartarus						Tantalus, a king of Anatolia who butchered his son Pelops and served him as a meal to the gods; he was punished with the torment of starvation, food and drink eternally dangling just out of reach
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Telemus, a seer who foresaw that the Cyclops Polyphemus would be blinded by Odysseus
Ζεύς, Zeus	Zeus	Greek	Deity			Zeus	Ζεύς, Zeus	 King of the gods, ruler of Mount Olympus, and god of the sky, weather, thunder, lightning, law, order, and justice. He is the youngest son of Cronus and Rhea. He overthrew Cronus and gained the sovereignty of heaven for himself. In art he is depicted as a regal, mature man with a sturdy figure and dark beard. His usual attributes are the royal scepter and the lightning bolt. His sacred animals include the eagle and the bull. His Roman counterpart is Jupiter, also known as Jove.	Zeus (Ζεύς, Zeus) King of the gods, ruler of Mount Olympus, and god of the sky, weather, thunder, lightning, law, order, and justice. He is the youngest son of Cronus and Rhea. He overthrew Cronus and gained the sovereignty of heaven for himself. In art he is depicted as a regal, mature man with a sturdy figure and dark beard. His usual attributes are the royal scepter and the lightning bolt. His sacred animals include the eagle and the bull. His Roman counterpart is Jupiter, also known as Jove.
Αράχνη	Arachne	Greek	Notable women			Arachne	Αράχνη	, a skilled weaver, transformed by Athena into a spider for her blasphemy	Arachne (Αράχνη), a skilled weaver, transformed by Athena into a spider for her blasphemy
Ἐκεχειρία	Ekecheiria	Greek	Spirits			Ekecheiria	Ἐκεχειρία	, spirit of truce, armistice, and the cessation of all hostilities; honoured at the Olympic Games	Ekecheiria (Ἐκεχειρία), spirit of truce, armistice, and the cessation of all hostilities; honoured at the Olympic Games
Εὐρυβία (Eurybía)	Eurybia	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of the mastery of the seas and consort of Krios.
Δαμνεύς	Damneus	Greek	Rustic deities			Damneus	Δαμνεύς	 "the one who tames(?)"	Damneus (Δαμνεύς) "the one who tames(?)"
	Cerambus	Greek	mythological figures			Cerambus			Cerambus — A talented yet arrogant singer who was transformed into a beetle.
Πρυμνεύς	Prymneus	Greek	Rustic deities			Prymneus	Πρυμνεύς	 "of lower areas(?)"	Prymneus (Πρυμνεύς) "of lower areas(?)"
		Animals							Ichneumon
Μόρος	Moros	Greek	Spirits			Moros	Μόρος	, spirit of doom	Moros (Μόρος), spirit of doom
		Greek	Heroes						Abderus, aided Heracles during his eighth labour and was killed by the Mares of Diomedes
Κρεῖος (Kreîos)	Crius	Greek	The Twelve Titans						The least individualized of the Twelve Titans, he is the father of Astraeus, Pallas, and Perses. Implied to be the Titan of constellations.
Γυμναστίκή	Gymnastika, Gymnastica	Greek	Rustic deities			Gymnastika, Gymnastica	Γυμναστίκή	 or Gymnasia (Γυμνασία), the morning hour of gymnastics/exercise	Gymnastika, Gymnastica (Γυμναστίκή) or Gymnasia (Γυμνασία), the morning hour of gymnastics/exercise
Πλοῦτος	Plutus	Greek	Agricultural deities			Plutus	Πλοῦτος	, god of wealth, including agricultural wealth, son of Demeter	Plutus (Πλοῦτος), god of wealth, including agricultural wealth, son of Demeter
Ιύνξ	Iynx	Greek	Other deities			Iynx	Ιύνξ	, goddess of the love charm	Iynx (Ιύνξ), goddess of the love charm
Απαρκτίας	Aparctias	Greek	Sky deities			Aparctias	Απαρκτίας	, another name for the north wind (not identified with Boreas)	Aparctias (Απαρκτίας), another name for the north wind (not identified with Boreas)
Γηρυων	Geryon	Greek	Gigantes			Geryon	Γηρυων	, a three-bodied giant who dwelt on the sunset isle at the ends of the earth. He was slain by Heracles when the hero arrived to fetch the giant's cattle as one of his twelve labours.	Geryon (Γηρυων), a three-bodied giant who dwelt on the sunset isle at the ends of the earth. He was slain by Heracles when the hero arrived to fetch the giant's cattle as one of his twelve labours.
Τερψιχόρη	Terpsichore	Greek	Other deities			Terpsichore	Τερψιχόρη	, muse of dance and choral poetry	Terpsichore (Τερψιχόρη), muse of dance and choral poetry
´Ιππόκαμπος	Hippocampi	Greek	Sea deities			Hippocampi	´Ιππόκαμπος	, horses of the sea that have the upper-body of a horse and the lower-body of a fish	Hippocampi (´Ιππόκαμπος), horses of the sea that have the upper-body of a horse and the lower-body of a fish
Άττις	Attis	Greek	Rustic deities			Attis	Άττις	, vegetation god and consort of Cybele	Attis (Άττις), vegetation god and consort of Cybele
Ἄτλας (Átlas)	Atlas	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titan forced to carry the heavens upon his shoulders by Zeus. Also Son of Iapetus.
Ἀλκιμέδων	Alcimedon	Greek	mythological figures			Alcimedon	Ἀλκιμέδων	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Alcimedon (Ἀλκιμέδων) — the name of several mythological figures.
Αγχίσης	Anchises	Greek	Kings			Anchises	Αγχίσης	, a king of Dardania and father of Aeneas	Anchises (Αγχίσης), a king of Dardania and father of Aeneas
		Greek	Amazons						Aegea, a queen of the Amazons
	Biston	Greek	mythological figures			Biston			Biston — A son of Ares and eponym of Bistonia in Thrace.
		Greek	Heroes						Pandion, the eponymous hero of the Attic tribe Pandionis, usually assumed to be one of the legendary Athenian kings Pandion I or Pandion II.
	Cratos	Greek	mythological figures			Cratos			Cratos — god of Strength.
Ζαγρεύς	Zagreus	Greek	Chthonic deities			Zagreus	Ζαγρεύς	, an underworld god, possibly a son of Zeus and Persephone	Zagreus (Ζαγρεύς), an underworld god, possibly a son of Zeus and Persephone
Ὕπνος	Hypnos	Greek	Spirits			Hypnos	Ὕπνος	, god of sleep	Hypnos (Ὕπνος), god of sleep
		Greek	Kings						Phyleus, a king of Elis
Αίγισθος	Aegisthus	Greek	Kings			Aegisthus	Αίγισθος	, lover of Clytemnestra, with whom he plotted to murder Agamemnon and seized the kingship of Mycenae	Aegisthus (Αίγισθος), lover of Clytemnestra, with whom he plotted to murder Agamemnon and seized the kingship of Mycenae
	Lycorus	Greek	mythological figures			Lycorus			Lycorus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Melas	Greek	mythological figures			Melas			Melas — The name of several mythological figures.
	Eriphyle	Greek	mythological figures			Eriphyle			Eriphyle — mother of Alcmaeon and wife of Amphiaraus.
Σωτήρ	Soter	Greek	Spirits			Soter	Σωτήρ	, male spirit of safety, preservation, and deliverance from harm	Soter (Σωτήρ), male spirit of safety, preservation, and deliverance from harm
	Epipole	Greek	mythological figures			Epipole			Epipole — A woman that went to Trojan War in disguise of a man.
Γραῖαι	The Graeae	Greek	Sea deities			The Graeae	Γραῖαι	, three ancient sea spirits who personified the white foam of the sea; they shared one eye and one tooth between them	The Graeae (Γραῖαι), three ancient sea spirits who personified the white foam of the sea; they shared one eye and one tooth between them
Αριάδνη	Ariadne	Greek	Notable women			Ariadne	Αριάδνη	, daughter of Minos, king of Crete, who aided Theseus in overcoming the Minotaur and became the wife of Dionysus	Ariadne (Αριάδνη), daughter of Minos, king of Crete, who aided Theseus in overcoming the Minotaur and became the wife of Dionysus
	Stymphalus	Greek	mythological figures			Stymphalus			Stymphalus — A son of Elatus.
	Presbon	Greek	mythological figures			Presbon			Presbon — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀγαθοδαίμων	Agathodaemon	Greek	Spirits			Agathodaemon	Ἀγαθοδαίμων	, spirit of the vineyards and grainfields. Ensuring good luck, health, and wisdom.	Agathodaemon (Ἀγαθοδαίμων), spirit of the vineyards and grainfields. Ensuring good luck, health, and wisdom.
Ἀμυθάων	Amythaon	Greek	mythological figures			Amythaon	Ἀμυθάων	 — a son of Cretheus, father of Melampus and Bias.	Amythaon (Ἀμυθάων) — a son of Cretheus, father of Melampus and Bias.
		Greek	Kings						Pandion II, a king of Athens
	Dascylus	Greek	mythological figures			Dascylus			Dascylus — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Eteocles, son of Andreus, a king of Orchomenus
	Euryanassa	Greek	mythological figures			Euryanassa			Euryanassa — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	mythological figures						
Ἅνθας	Anthas	Greek	mythological figures			Anthas	Ἅνθας	 — founder and king of Anthea, a part of what later became Troezen.	Anthas (Ἅνθας) — founder and king of Anthea, a part of what later became Troezen.
Αργυρών	Argyron	Greek	Sea deities			Argyron	Αργυρών		Argyron (Αργυρών)
	Clytodora	Greek	mythological figures			Clytodora			Clytodora — The name of several mythological figures.
	Naubolus	Greek	mythological figures			Naubolus			Naubolus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Adrastus	Greek	mythological figures			Adrastus			Adrastus — the name of several mythological figures.
	Arganthone	Greek	mythological figures			Arganthone			Arganthone — Famed huntress and lover of Rhesus.
Τέλης	Teles	Greek	Sea deities			Teles	Τέλης		Teles (Τέλης)
	Laonome	Greek	mythological figures			Laonome			Laonome — The name of several mythological figures.
Αφαία	Aphaea	Greek	Agricultural deities			Aphaea	Αφαία	, minor goddess of agriculture and fertility	Aphaea (Αφαία), minor goddess of agriculture and fertility
Ἓσπερος	Hesperus	Greek	Sky deities			Hesperus	Ἓσπερος	, god of Venus the evening star	Hesperus (Ἓσπερος), god of Venus the evening star
		Greek	mythological figures						
	Epistrophus	Greek	mythological figures			Epistrophus			Epistrophus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Eurycleia	Greek	mythological figures			Eurycleia			Eurycleia — The wet-nurse of Odysseus.
Αγλαΐα	Aglaea	Greek	mythological figures			Aglaea	Αγλαΐα	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Aglaea (Αγλαΐα) — the name of several mythological figures.
	Phylas	Greek	mythological figures			Phylas			Phylas — The name of several mythological figures.
Κεφισσώ	Cephisso	Greek	Other deities			Cephisso	Κεφισσώ		Cephisso (Κεφισσώ)
		Greek	Kings						Amphion and Zethus, twin sons of Zeus and kings of Thebes, who constructed the city's walls
	Erythras	Greek	mythological figures			Erythras			Erythras — The name of several mythological figures.
Γῆρας	Geras	Greek	Spirits			Geras	Γῆρας	, spirit of old age	Geras (Γῆρας), spirit of old age
Άνεμοι	Anemoi,	Greek	Sky deities			Anemoi,	Άνεμοι	, gods of the winds	Anemoi, (Άνεμοι), gods of the winds
Κάρμη	Carme	Greek	Agricultural deities			Carme	Κάρμη	, a Cretan spirit who presided over the harvest festival	Carme (Κάρμη), a Cretan spirit who presided over the harvest festival
	Phyleus	Greek	mythological figures			Phyleus			Phyleus — Son of Augeas.
son of Poseidon	Paeon	Greek	mythological figures			Paeon	son of Poseidon	 — By Helle, sister of Phrixus.	Paeon (son of Poseidon) — By Helle, sister of Phrixus.
Κόττος	Cottus	Greek	Gigantes			Cottus	Κόττος	, The Furious	Cottus (Κόττος), The Furious
Μῆτις (Mē̂tis)	Metis	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of good counsel, advice, planning, cunning, craftiness, and wisdom. Mother of Athena.
	Leos	Greek	mythological figures			Leos			Leos — name of two Attic heroes.
Λιταί	The Litae	Greek	Spirits			The Litae	Λιταί	, spirits of prayer	The Litae (Λιταί), spirits of prayer
Πειθαρχία	Peitharchia	Greek	Spirits			Peitharchia	Πειθαρχία	, spirit of discipline	Peitharchia (Πειθαρχία), spirit of discipline
Ἰνώ	Ino	Greek	Deified mortals			Ino	Ἰνώ	, a Theban princess who became the sea goddess Leucothea	Ino (Ἰνώ), a Theban princess who became the sea goddess Leucothea
Ἀμφικτύων	Amphictyon	Greek	mythological figures			Amphictyon	Ἀμφικτύων	, a king of Athens	Amphictyon (Ἀμφικτύων), a king of Athens
		Greek	Kings						Cretheus, founder-king of Iolcus
Κῆρες	The Keres	Greek	Spirits			The Keres	Κῆρες	, spirit of violent or cruel death	The Keres (Κῆρες), spirit of violent or cruel death
Παλαίμων	Palaemon	Greek	Sea deities			Palaemon	Παλαίμων	, a young sea god who aided sailors in distress	Palaemon (Παλαίμων), a young sea god who aided sailors in distress
	Pylaeus	Greek	mythological figures			Pylaeus			Pylaeus — A Pelasgian ally of the Trojans.
Ωκύθοος	Okythoos	Greek	Rustic deities			Okythoos	Ωκύθοος	 "the one running swiftly"	Okythoos (Ωκύθοος) "the one running swiftly"
Ἀντιγόνη	Antigone	Greek	mythological figures			Antigone	Ἀντιγόνη	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Antigone (Ἀντιγόνη) — the name of several mythological figures.
		Animals							Percheron
Κελαινώ	Celaeno	Greek	Sea deities			Celaeno	Κελαινώ		Celaeno (Κελαινώ)
	Echion	Greek	mythological figures			Echion			Echion — The name of several mythological figures.
Κύλληνος	Cyllenus	Greek	Rustic deities			Cyllenus	Κύλληνος		Cyllenus (Κύλληνος)
Ἀγγελία	Angelia	Greek	Spirits			Angelia	Ἀγγελία	, spirit of messages, tidings and proclamations	Angelia (Ἀγγελία), spirit of messages, tidings and proclamations
Παρθενόπη	Parthenope	Greek	Sea deities			Parthenope	Παρθενόπη		Parthenope (Παρθενόπη)
Ἀμφιλογίαι	The Amphilogiai	Greek	Spirits			The Amphilogiai	Ἀμφιλογίαι	, spirits of disputes, debate, and contention	The Amphilogiai (Ἀμφιλογίαι), spirits of disputes, debate, and contention
		Greek	Kings						Oenomaus, a king of Pisa
	Itonus	Greek	mythological figures			Itonus			Itonus — Son of Amphictyon and founder of a shrine to Athena.
	Oenotrus	Greek	mythological figures			Oenotrus			Oenotrus — A son of Lycaon.
Ἐγκέλαδος	Enceladus	Greek	Gigantes			Enceladus	Ἐγκέλαδος	, typically slain by Athena, said to be buried under Mount Etna in Sicily.	Enceladus (Ἐγκέλαδος), typically slain by Athena, said to be buried under Mount Etna in Sicily.
Σάτυροι	Satyrs	Greek	Rustic deities			Satyrs	Σάτυροι	 / Satyress, rustic fertility spirits	Satyrs (Σάτυροι) / Satyress, rustic fertility spirits
	Podalirius	Greek	mythological figures			Podalirius			Podalirius — A healer and son of Asclepius who participated in the Trojan War.
Ἐνδυμίων	Endymion	Greek	Deified mortals			Endymion	Ἐνδυμίων	, lover of Selene, granted eternal sleep so as never to age or die	Endymion (Ἐνδυμίων), lover of Selene, granted eternal sleep so as never to age or die
	Leucon	Greek	mythological figures			Leucon			Leucon — The name of several mythological figures.
Άκις	Acis	Greek	Rustic deities			Acis	Άκις		Acis (Άκις)
Παλαίστρα	Palaestra	Greek	Other deities			Palaestra	Παλαίστρα	, goddess of wrestling	Palaestra (Παλαίστρα), goddess of wrestling
Ήρα	Hera	Greek	Sky deities			Hera	Ήρα	, Queen of Heaven and goddess of the air and starry constellations	Hera (Ήρα), Queen of Heaven and goddess of the air and starry constellations
Απολλωνίς	Apollonis	Greek	Other deities			Apollonis	Απολλωνίς		Apollonis (Απολλωνίς)
Άδωνις	Adonis	Greek	Agricultural deities			Adonis	Άδωνις	, a life-death-rebirth deity	Adonis (Άδωνις), a life-death-rebirth deity
		Greek	Rustic deities						The goddesses of springtime growth
	Aphareus	Greek	mythological figures			Aphareus			Aphareus — the name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Helenus, seer and twin brother of Cassandra, who later became king of Epirus
Φόρκυς	Phorcys	Greek	Sea deities			Phorcys	Φόρκυς	, god of the hidden dangers of the deep	Phorcys (Φόρκυς), god of the hidden dangers of the deep
		Greek	Kings						Menestheus, a king of Athens who fought on the side of the Greeks during the Trojan War
		Greek	Notable women						Clytemnestra, sister of Helen and unfaithful wife of Agamemnon
	Astacus	Greek	mythological figures			Astacus			Astacus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Epirus	Greek	mythological figures			Epirus			Epirus — Daughter of Agave and Echion, after whom the region of Epirus was named.
		Greek	Kings						Acrisius, a king of Argos
	Staphylus	Greek	mythological figures			Staphylus			Staphylus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Hyettus	Greek	mythological figures			Hyettus			Hyettus — An Argive, reputedly the first person to ever commit murder over adultery.
Μετώπη	Metope	Greek	Rustic deities			Metope	Μετώπη		Metope (Μετώπη)
	Dotis	Greek	mythological figures			Dotis			Dotis — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἁρμονία	Harmonia	Greek	Spirits			Harmonia	Ἁρμονία	, goddess of harmony and concord	Harmonia (Ἁρμονία), goddess of harmony and concord
		Greek	Kings						Pandion I, a king of Athens
	Eumaeus	Greek	mythological figures			Eumaeus			Eumaeus — Odysseus' loyal swineherd.
Ἐπιμηθεύς (Epimētheús)	Epimetheus	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titan of afterthought and the father of excuses.
Ἀμφιάραος	Amphiaraus	Greek	Kings			Amphiaraus	Ἀμφιάραος	, a seer and king of Argos who participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt and the war of the Seven Against Thebes	Amphiaraus (Ἀμφιάραος), a seer and king of Argos who participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt and the war of the Seven Against Thebes
Ἄγριος	Agrius	Greek	mythological figures			Agrius	Ἄγριος	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Agrius (Ἄγριος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Οὔρεα (Oúrea)	The Ourea	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The gods of mountains.
		Greek	Kings						Polynices, a king of Thebes and son of Oedipus; he and his brother Eteocles killed each other
Γηγενέες	The Gegenees	Greek	Gigantes			The Gegenees	Γηγενέες	, a tribe of six-armed giants fought by the Argonauts on Bear Mountain in Mysia	The Gegenees (Γηγενέες), a tribe of six-armed giants fought by the Argonauts on Bear Mountain in Mysia
Νόμος	Nomos	Greek	Spirits			Nomos	Νόμος	, spirit of law	Nomos (Νόμος), spirit of law
Ἑκάτη	Hecate	Greek	Chthonic deities			Hecate	Ἑκάτη	, goddess of magic, witchcraft, the night, moon, ghosts, and necromancy	Hecate (Ἑκάτη), goddess of magic, witchcraft, the night, moon, ghosts, and necromancy
		Greek	Kings						Oicles, a king of Argos
		Greek	mythological figures						
		Greek	Rustic deities						Dindymene, is one of the names of Cybele
Ήφαιστος	Hephaestus	Greek	Rustic deities			Hephaestus	Ήφαιστος	, god of metalworking	Hephaestus (Ήφαιστος), god of metalworking
	Xanthius	Greek	mythological figures			Xanthius			Xanthius — A descendent of Bellerophon and father of Leucippus.
Άρκη	Arke	Greek	Sky deities			Arke	Άρκη	, messenger of the Titans and twin sister of Iris	Arke (Άρκη), messenger of the Titans and twin sister of Iris
	Lityerses	Greek	mythological figures			Lityerses			Lityerses — A son of Midas killed by Heracles, and eponym of a kind of reaping songs.
	Hippodamia	Greek	mythological figures			Hippodamia			Hippodamia — wife of Pelops.
	Apisaon	Greek	mythological figures			Apisaon			Apisaon — the name of several mythological figures.
Ἀμφιάραος	Amphiaraus	Greek	Deified mortals			Amphiaraus	Ἀμφιάραος	, a hero of the war of the Seven Against Thebes who became an oracular spirit of the Underworld after his death	Amphiaraus (Ἀμφιάραος), a hero of the war of the Seven Against Thebes who became an oracular spirit of the Underworld after his death
Ἱπποθόη	Hippothoe	Greek	Amazons			Hippothoe	Ἱπποθόη	, an Amazonian warrior, killed by Achilles at Troy	Hippothoe (Ἱπποθόη), an Amazonian warrior, killed by Achilles at Troy
Σεμελη	Semele	Greek	Deified mortals			Semele	Σεμελη	, mortal mother of Dionysus, who later was made the goddess Thyone (Θυωνη)	Semele (Σεμελη), mortal mother of Dionysus, who later was made the goddess Thyone (Θυωνη)
Ωμόδαμος	Omodamos	Greek	Other deities			Omodamos	Ωμόδαμος	, crudebake	Omodamos (Ωμόδαμος), crudebake
	Mestra	Greek	mythological figures			Mestra			Mestra — Daughter of Erysichthon who possessed the gift of shape-shifting.
		Greek	Notable women						Semele, mortal mother of Dionysus
Πρόφασις	Prophasis	Greek	Spirits			Prophasis	Πρόφασις	, spirit of excuses and pleas	Prophasis (Πρόφασις), spirit of excuses and pleas
Ἀστερία	Asteria	Greek	Amazons			Asteria	Ἀστερία	, an Amazon who was killed by Heracles	Asteria (Ἀστερία), an Amazon who was killed by Heracles
	Theophane	Greek	mythological figures			Theophane			Theophane — A lover of Poseidon, changed into an ewe.
Μάττων	Matton	Greek	Other deities			Matton	Μάττων	, demi-god of the meal, specifically the kneading of dough	Matton (Μάττων), demi-god of the meal, specifically the kneading of dough
		Greek	Heroes						Eunostus, a Boeotian hero
Ἀθάμας	Athamas	Greek	Kings			Athamas	Ἀθάμας	, a king of Orchomenus	Athamas (Ἀθάμας), a king of Orchomenus
	Promedon	Greek	mythological figures			Promedon			Promedon — Possibly a follower of Orpheus.
		Greek	Kings						Nycteus, a king of Thebes
	Pandora II	Greek	mythological figures			Pandora II			Pandora II — A daughter of Deucalion and Pyrrha.
Ἀρετώ	Areto	Greek	Amazons			Areto	Ἀρετώ	, an Amazon	Areto (Ἀρετώ), an Amazon
	Phrastor	Greek	mythological figures			Phrastor			Phrastor — The name of several mythological figures.
Ζέφυρος	Zephyrus	Greek	Sky deities			Zephyrus	Ζέφυρος	, god of the west wind	Zephyrus (Ζέφυρος), god of the west wind
Τριπτόλεμος	Triptolemus	Greek	Agricultural deities			Triptolemus	Τριπτόλεμος	, god of farming and agriculture, he brought agriculture to Greece	Triptolemus (Τριπτόλεμος), god of farming and agriculture, he brought agriculture to Greece
Κλυμένη (Clyménē)	Clymene	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of renown, fame, and infamy, and wife of Iapetus.
	Hippothous	Greek	mythological figures			Hippothous			Hippothous — The name of several mythological figures.
Άδραστος	Adrastus	Greek	Kings			Adrastus	Άδραστος	, a king of Argos and one of the Seven Against Thebes	Adrastus (Άδραστος), a king of Argos and one of the Seven Against Thebes
Δειπνεύς	Deipneus	Greek	Other deities			Deipneus	Δειπνεύς	, demi-god of the preparation of meals, specifically the making of bread	Deipneus (Δειπνεύς), demi-god of the preparation of meals, specifically the making of bread
		Greek	Inmates of Tartarus						Ixion, a king of the Lapiths who attempted to rape Hera and was bound to a flaming wheel in Tartarus
	Pterelaos	Greek	mythological figures			Pterelaos			Pterelaos — The name of several mythological figures.
Αβρώτη	Abrota	Greek	mythological figures			Abrota	Αβρώτη	 — wife of Nisos, king of Megara.	Abrota (Αβρώτη) — wife of Nisos, king of Megara.
Αρχή	Arche	Greek	Other deities			Arche	Αρχή	, muse of origins	Arche (Αρχή), muse of origins
Ευνομία	Eunomia	Greek	Rustic deities			Eunomia	Ευνομία	, spirit of good order, and springtime goddess of green pastures	Eunomia (Ευνομία), spirit of good order, and springtime goddess of green pastures
	Arge	Greek	mythological figures			Arge			Arge — The name of several mythological figures.
Πολυμνία	Polyhymnia	Greek	Other deities			Polyhymnia	Πολυμνία	 or (Πολύμνια), muse of sacred poetry	Polyhymnia (Πολυμνία) or (Πολύμνια), muse of sacred poetry
	Calydon	Greek	mythological figures			Calydon			Calydon — Eponym of Calydon Aetolia.
		Greek	Kings						Charnabon, a king of the Getae
		Greek	Rustic deities						The goddesses of seasons of the year
Ἀλάστωρ	Alastor	Greek	Spirits			Alastor	Ἀλάστωρ	, spirit of blood feuds and vengeance	Alastor (Ἀλάστωρ), spirit of blood feuds and vengeance
		Greek	mythological figures						
Καιρός	Caerus	Greek	Spirits			Caerus	Καιρός	, spirit of opportunity	Caerus (Καιρός), spirit of opportunity
	Leuconoe	Greek	mythological figures			Leuconoe			Leuconoe — The name of several mythological figures.
	Crete	Greek	mythological figures			Crete			Crete — The name of several mythological figures.
Διόνυσος, Diónysos	Dionysus	Greek	Deity			Dionysus	Διόνυσος, Diónysos	/Bacchus (Βάκχος, Bákkhos) God of wine, fruitfulness, parties, festivals, madness, chaos, drunkenness, vegetation, ecstasy, and the theater. He is the twice-born son of Zeus and Semele, in that Zeus snatched him from his mother's womb and stitched Dionysius into his own thigh and carried him until he was ready to be born. In art he is depicted as either an older bearded god (particularly before 430 BC) or an effeminate, long-haired youth (particularly after 430 BC). His attributes include the thyrsus, a drinking cup, the grape vine, and a crown of ivy. He is often in the company of his thiasos, a group of attendants including satyrs, maenads, and his old tutor Silenus. The consort of Dionysus was Ariadne. It was once held that Dionysius was a later addition to the Greek pantheon, but the discovery of Linear B tablets confirm his status as a deity from an early period. Bacchus was another name for him in Greek, and came into common usage among the Romans.[7] His sacred animals include dolphins, serpents, tigers, and donkeys.	Dionysus (Διόνυσος, Diónysos)/Bacchus (Βάκχος, Bákkhos) God of wine, fruitfulness, parties, festivals, madness, chaos, drunkenness, vegetation, ecstasy, and the theater. He is the twice-born son of Zeus and Semele, in that Zeus snatched him from his mother's womb and stitched Dionysius into his own thigh and carried him until he was ready to be born. In art he is depicted as either an older bearded god (particularly before 430 BC) or an effeminate, long-haired youth (particularly after 430 BC). His attributes include the thyrsus, a drinking cup, the grape vine, and a crown of ivy. He is often in the company of his thiasos, a group of attendants including satyrs, maenads, and his old tutor Silenus. The consort of Dionysus was Ariadne. It was once held that Dionysius was a later addition to the Greek pantheon, but the discovery of Linear B tablets confirm his status as a deity from an early period. Bacchus was another name for him in Greek, and came into common usage among the Romans.[7] His sacred animals include dolphins, serpents, tigers, and donkeys.
		Greek	Notable women						Penelope, loyal wife of Odysseus
	Mantius	Greek	mythological figures			Mantius			Mantius — A son of Melampus and father of Cleitus.
	Deucalion	Greek	mythological figures			Deucalion			Deucalion — Survivor of the Deluge.
	Eurydamas	Greek	mythological figures			Eurydamas			Eurydamas — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Actaeus, first king of Attica
	Hyperphas	Greek	mythological figures			Hyperphas			Hyperphas — father of Euryganeia and Euryanassa.
Κυδοιμός	Kydoimos	Greek	Spirits			Kydoimos	Κυδοιμός	, spirit of the din of battle, confusion, uproar, and hubbub	Kydoimos (Κυδοιμός), spirit of the din of battle, confusion, uproar, and hubbub
	Cycnus	Greek	mythological figures			Cycnus			Cycnus — The name of several mythological figures, most of whom were transformed into swans.
	Deileon	Greek	mythological figures			Deileon			Deileon — The name of several mythological figures.
Μουσική	Mousika or Musica	Greek	Rustic deities			Mousika or Musica	Μουσική	, the morning hour of music and study	Mousika or Musica (Μουσική), the morning hour of music and study
		Greek	Kings						Eleusis, eponym and king of Eleusis, Attica
		Greek	Kings						Periphas, legendary king of Attica who Zeus turned into an eagle.
Εὐρυνόμη (Eurynómē)	Eurynome	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of water-meadows and pasturelands, and mother of the three Charites by Zeus.
		Greek	Kings						Nestor, a king of Pylos who sailed with the Argonauts, participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt and fought with the Greek armies in the Trojan War
	Periboea	Greek	mythological figures			Periboea			Periboea — The name of several mythological figures.
	Pyramus	Greek	mythological figures			Pyramus			Pyramus — Tragic lover of Thisbe, on whom Shakespeare's Romeo is based.
	Iasus	Greek	mythological figures			Iasus			Iasus — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀγχίαλος	Anchialus	Greek	mythological figures			Anchialus	Ἀγχίαλος	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Anchialus (Ἀγχίαλος) — the name of several mythological figures.
		Greek							
	Prothoenor	Greek	mythological figures			Prothoenor			Prothoenor — one of the Greek leaders in the Trojan War.
Ανδρομέδα	Andromeda	Greek	Notable women			Andromeda	Ανδρομέδα	, wife of Perseus, who was placed among the constellations after her death	Andromeda (Ανδρομέδα), wife of Perseus, who was placed among the constellations after her death
	Argia	Greek	mythological figures			Argia			Argia — The name of several mythological characters.
Ενυώ	Enyo	Greek	Sea deities			Enyo	Ενυώ		Enyo (Ενυώ)
		Greek	Kings						Tisamenus, a king of Argos, Mycenae, and Sparta
		Greek	Notable women						Phaedra, daughter of Minos and wife of Theseus
		Greek	Kings						Temenus, a king of Argos and descendent of Heracles
Φιλόμελος	Philomelus	Greek	Agricultural deities			Philomelus	Φιλόμελος	, agricultural demi-god inventor of the wagon and the plough	Philomelus (Φιλόμελος), agricultural demi-god inventor of the wagon and the plough
	Iphthime	Greek	mythological figures			Iphthime			Iphthime — The name of several mythological figures.
Δάφνη	Daphne	Greek	Rustic deities			Daphne	Δάφνη		Daphne (Δάφνη)
Ἀναξίβια	Anaxibia	Greek	mythological figures			Anaxibia	Ἀναξίβια	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Anaxibia (Ἀναξίβια) — the name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Laomedon, a king of Troy and father of Priam
Άρκτος	Arktos	Greek	Rustic deities			Arktos	Άρκτος	, night sky, constellation	Arktos (Άρκτος), night sky, constellation
		Greek	mythological figures						Tyres, a companion of Aeneas along with his brother Teuthras.[5]
Πολύφημος	Polyphemus	Greek	Gigantes			Polyphemus	Πολύφημος	, a cyclops who briefly captured Odysseus and his men, only to be overcome and blinded by the hero	Polyphemus (Πολύφημος), a cyclops who briefly captured Odysseus and his men, only to be overcome and blinded by the hero
Θάνατος	Thanatos	Greek	Spirits			Thanatos	Θάνατος	, spirit of death and mortality	Thanatos (Θάνατος), spirit of death and mortality
Λιγεία	Ligeia	Greek	Sea deities			Ligeia	Λιγεία		Ligeia (Λιγεία)
Ασωπός	Asopus	Greek	Rustic deities			Asopus	Ασωπός		Asopus (Ασωπός)
Ἀγαύη	Agave	Greek	mythological figures			Agave	Ἀγαύη	 — mother of Cadmus and worshiper of Dionysus.	Agave (Ἀγαύη) — mother of Cadmus and worshiper of Dionysus.
Ευθυμία	Euthymia	Greek	Other deities			Euthymia	Ευθυμία	 "good mood"	Euthymia (Ευθυμία) "good mood"
Βορυσθενίς	Borysthenis	Greek	Other deities			Borysthenis	Βορυσθενίς		Borysthenis (Βορυσθενίς)
	Dryope	Greek	mythological figures			Dryope			Dryope — A woman transformed into a black poplar.
	Lysianassa	Greek	mythological figures			Lysianassa			Lysianassa — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Other deities						Muses worshiped at Sicyon
Ορθοσίη	Orthosie	Greek	Rustic deities			Orthosie	Ορθοσίη	 "prosperity"	Orthosie (Ορθοσίη) "prosperity"
		Greek							
	Eurymachus	Greek	mythological figures			Eurymachus			Eurymachus — The name of several mythological figures.
		Animals							Francolin
Λευκοθέα	Leucothea	Greek	Sea deities			Leucothea	Λευκοθέα	, a sea goddess who aided sailors in distress	Leucothea (Λευκοθέα), a sea goddess who aided sailors in distress
	Iodame	Greek	mythological figures			Iodame			Iodame — Daughter of Itonus, turned to stone by Athena.
Ῥαδάμανθυς	Rhadamanthys	Greek	Chthonic deities			Rhadamanthys	Ῥαδάμανθυς	, former mortal lawmaker and judge of the men of Asia	Rhadamanthys (Ῥαδάμανθυς), former mortal lawmaker and judge of the men of Asia
Ἀμφιάραος	Amphiaraus	Greek	Chthonic deities			Amphiaraus	Ἀμφιάραος	, a hero of the war of the Seven Against Thebes who became an oracular spirit of the Underworld after his death	Amphiaraus (Ἀμφιάραος), a hero of the war of the Seven Against Thebes who became an oracular spirit of the Underworld after his death
	Eurypyle	Greek	mythological figures			Eurypyle			Eurypyle — The name of several mythological figures.
Αίας ο Μέγας	Ajax the Great	Greek	Heroes			Ajax the Great	Αίας ο Μέγας	, a hero of the Trojan War and king of Salamis	Ajax the Great (Αίας ο Μέγας), a hero of the Trojan War and king of Salamis
		Greek	Kings						Assaracus, a king of Dardania
Αὖρα	Aura	Greek	Sky deities			Aura	Αὖρα	, goddess of the breeze and the fresh, cool air of early morning	Aura (Αὖρα), goddess of the breeze and the fresh, cool air of early morning
	Emathion	Greek	mythological figures			Emathion			Emathion — The name of several mythological figures.
Αταλάντη	Atalanta	Greek	Notable women			Atalanta	Αταλάντη	, fleet-footed heroine who participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt	Atalanta (Αταλάντη), fleet-footed heroine who participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt
	Saon	Greek	mythological figures			Saon			Saon — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Oenopion, a king of Chios
	Canthus	Greek	mythological figures			Canthus			Canthus — The name of several mythological figures.
Αἴσα	Aisa	Greek	Spirits			Aisa	Αἴσα	, personification of lot and fate	Aisa (Αἴσα), personification of lot and fate
	Thoön	Greek	mythological figures			Thoön			Thoön — The name of several mythological figures.
	Ptous	Greek	mythological figures			Ptous			Ptous — eponym of Mount Ptous in Boeotia.
	Cyparissus	Greek	mythological figures			Cyparissus			Cyparissus — A boy beloved by Apollo and transformed into a cypress tree after his death.
Γλύκων	Glycon	Greek	Other deities			Glycon	Γλύκων	, a snake god	Glycon (Γλύκων), a snake god
	Rhoeo	Greek	mythological figures			Rhoeo			Rhoeo — A lover of Apollo.
Μακαρία	Macaria	Greek	Chthonic deities			Macaria	Μακαρία	, daughter of Hades and goddess of blessed death (not to be confused with the daughter of Heracles)	Macaria (Μακαρία), daughter of Hades and goddess of blessed death (not to be confused with the daughter of Heracles)
Τέννης	Tenes	Greek	Deified mortals			Tenes	Τέννης	, was a hero of the island of Tenedos	Tenes (Τέννης), was a hero of the island of Tenedos
	Parthenopeus	Greek	mythological figures			Parthenopeus			Parthenopeus — one of the Seven Against Thebes.
Αμαδρυάδες	Hamadryades	Greek	Rustic deities			Hamadryades	Αμαδρυάδες	, oak tree dryades	Hamadryades (Αμαδρυάδες), oak tree dryades
Αἴγλη	Aegle	Greek	Agricultural deities			Aegle	Αἴγλη	, goddess of radiant good health	Aegle (Αἴγλη), goddess of radiant good health
Ἄλμος	Almus	Greek	mythological figures			Almus	Ἄλμος	 — one of the sons of Sisyphus.	Almus (Ἄλμος) — one of the sons of Sisyphus.
		Greek	Heroes						Iolaus, nephew of Heracles who aided his uncle in one of his Labors
Ωκεανίδες	Oceanides	Greek	Sea deities			Oceanides	Ωκεανίδες	, sea nymphs, and patronesses of bodies of fresh water	Oceanides (Ωκεανίδες), sea nymphs, and patronesses of bodies of fresh water
Ἀδικία	Adikia	Greek	Spirits			Adikia	Ἀδικία	, spirit of injustice and wrongdoing	Adikia (Ἀδικία), spirit of injustice and wrongdoing
Νύξ	Nyx	Greek	Chthonic deities			Nyx	Νύξ	, the primeval goddess of night	Nyx (Νύξ), the primeval goddess of night
Ἄττις	Attis	Greek	Deified mortals			Attis	Ἄττις	, a consort of Cybele, granted immortality as one of her attendants	Attis (Ἄττις), a consort of Cybele, granted immortality as one of her attendants
Αμφιτρύων	Amphitryon	Greek	Heroes			Amphitryon	Αμφιτρύων	, Theban general who rescued Thebes from the Teumessian fox; his wife was Alcmene, mother of Heracles	Amphitryon (Αμφιτρύων), Theban general who rescued Thebes from the Teumessian fox; his wife was Alcmene, mother of Heracles
	Gorge	Greek	mythological figures			Gorge			Gorge — The name of several mythological figures.
Τέχνη	Techne	Greek	Spirits			Techne	Τέχνη	, personification of art and skill	Techne (Τέχνη), personification of art and skill
		Greek	mythological figures						
	Eulimene	Greek	mythological figures			Eulimene			Eulimene — A Cretan girl who was put to death after having an affair with a man other than her betrothed.
Μαρπεσία	Marpesia	Greek	Amazons			Marpesia	Μαρπεσία	, an Amazon queen who ruled with her sister Lampedo	Marpesia (Μαρπεσία), an Amazon queen who ruled with her sister Lampedo
Θόοσα	Thoosa	Greek	Sea deities			Thoosa	Θόοσα	, goddess of swift currents	Thoosa (Θόοσα), goddess of swift currents
Ἀνθεύς	Antheus	Greek	mythological figures			Antheus	Ἀνθεύς	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Antheus (Ἀνθεύς) — the name of several mythological figures.
Ἀκρατοπότης	Acratopotes	Greek	Other deities			Acratopotes	Ἀκρατοπότης	, god of unmixed wine	Acratopotes (Ἀκρατοπότης), god of unmixed wine
Ὑμέναιος	Hymenaios	Greek	Other deities			Hymenaios	Ὑμέναιος	, god of marriage and marriage feasts	Hymenaios (Ὑμέναιος), god of marriage and marriage feasts
	Leitus	Greek	mythological figures			Leitus			Leitus — A leader of the Achaean forces during the Trojan War.
	Baucis	Greek	mythological figures			Baucis			Baucis — A virtuous old woman whose hospitality the gods rewarded.
Κύρβας	Kyrbas	Greek	Rustic deities			Kyrbas	Κύρβας	, whose name is probably a variant of Korybas, singular for "Korybantes"	Kyrbas (Κύρβας), whose name is probably a variant of Korybas, singular for "Korybantes"
		Greek	Kings						Epopeus, a king of Sicyon
	Laothoe	Greek	mythological figures			Laothoe			Laothoe — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	mythological figures						
	Hyrnetho	Greek	mythological figures			Hyrnetho			Hyrnetho — The wife of Deiphontes.
	Eurytus	Greek	mythological figures			Eurytus			Eurytus — The name of several mythological figures.
Αυτομέδων	Automedon	Greek	mythological figures			Automedon	Αυτομέδων	 — Achilles' charioteer.	Automedon (Αυτομέδων) — Achilles' charioteer.
	Baubo	Greek	mythological figures			Baubo			Baubo — An old woman who jested with Demeter while the goddess was mourning the loss of Persephone.
	Thymoetes	Greek	mythological figures			Thymoetes			Thymoetes — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Telamon, a king of Salamis and father of Ajax; he sailed with the Argonauts and participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt
Τάλως	Talos	Greek	Gigantes			Talos	Τάλως	, a giant forged from bronze by Hephaestus, and given by Zeus to his lover Europa as her personal protector	Talos (Τάλως), a giant forged from bronze by Hephaestus, and given by Zeus to his lover Europa as her personal protector
Ἀλκαίος	Alcaeus	Greek	mythological figures			Alcaeus	Ἀλκαίος	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Alcaeus (Ἀλκαίος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Παλίωξις	Palioxis	Greek	Spirits			Palioxis	Παλίωξις	, spirit of backrush, flight and retreat from battle	Palioxis (Παλίωξις), spirit of backrush, flight and retreat from battle
	Nausithous	Greek	mythological figures			Nausithous			Nausithous — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Rustic deities						companions of Cybele
Αχέρων	Acheron	Greek	Rustic deities			Acheron	Αχέρων		Acheron (Αχέρων)
Πορφυρίων	Porphyrion	Greek	Gigantes			Porphyrion	Πορφυρίων	, one of the leaders of the Gigantes, typically slain by Zeus.	Porphyrion (Πορφυρίων), one of the leaders of the Gigantes, typically slain by Zeus.
	Dirce	Greek	mythological figures			Dirce			Dirce — wife of Lycus.
Κουρέτες	The Curetes	Greek	Rustic deities			The Curetes	Κουρέτες	, guardians of infant Zeus on Mount Ida, barely distinguished from the Dactyls and the Corybantes	The Curetes (Κουρέτες), guardians of infant Zeus on Mount Ida, barely distinguished from the Dactyls and the Corybantes
Αφηλιώτης	Apheliotes	Greek	Sky deities			Apheliotes	Αφηλιώτης	, god of the east wind (when Eurus is considered southeast)	Apheliotes (Αφηλιώτης), god of the east wind (when Eurus is considered southeast)
	Menippe	Greek	mythological figures			Menippe			Menippe — A daughter of Orion who was transformed into a comet.
		Greek	Kings						Laërtes, father of Odysseus and king of the Cephallenians; he sailed with the Argonauts and participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt
		Greek	Notable women						Caeneus, formerly Caenis, a woman who was transformed into a man and became a mighty warrior
	Myrto	Greek	mythological figures			Myrto			Myrto — The name of several mythological figures.
	Chromia	Greek	mythological figures			Chromia			Chromia — Daughter of Itonus.
Ἔλεος	Eleos	Greek	Spirits			Eleos	Ἔλεος	, spirit of mercy, pity, and compassion	Eleos (Ἔλεος), spirit of mercy, pity, and compassion
	Erymanthus	Greek	mythological figures			Erymanthus			Erymanthus — The name of several mythological figures.
´Αρτεμις	Artemis,	Greek	Sky deities			Artemis,	´Αρτεμις	, Olympian Goddess of virgins and young women, of the moon, nature, hunt and the wild animals	Artemis, (´Αρτεμις), Olympian Goddess of virgins and young women, of the moon, nature, hunt and the wild animals
Ἀστερία (Astería)	Asteria	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of nocturnal oracles and falling stars.
		Greek	Notable women						Thrace, the daughter of Oceanus and Parthenope, and sister of Europa
		Animals							Dobsonfly
	Mecisteus	Greek	mythological figures			Mecisteus			Mecisteus — Son of Talaus who participated in the war of the Seven Against Thebes.
Αιτναιος	Aitnaios	Greek	Rustic deities			Aitnaios	Αιτναιος		Aitnaios (Αιτναιος)
Θάνατος (Thánatos)	Thanatos	Greek	Ancient Greek name			God of Death. Brother to Hypnos	Sleep	 and in some cases Moros (Doom)	God of Death. Brother to Hypnos (Sleep) and in some cases Moros (Doom)
		Greek	mythological figures						Amymone, the one daughter of Danaus who refused to murder her husband, thus escaping her sisters' punishment
		Greek	Kings						Menelaus, a king of Sparta and the husband of Helen
Ὅρκος	Horkos	Greek	Spirits			Horkos	Ὅρκος	, spirit of oaths	Horkos (Ὅρκος), spirit of oaths
	Apsyrtus	Greek	mythological figures			Apsyrtus			Apsyrtus — a son of Aeëtes, murdered by his sister Medea.
Σειληνός	Silenus	Greek	Rustic deities			Silenus	Σειληνός	, an old rustic god of the dance of the wine-press	Silenus (Σειληνός), an old rustic god of the dance of the wine-press
		Greek	Kings						Elephenor, a king of the Abantes of Euboea
Ἡμιθέα	Hemithea	Greek	Deified mortals			Hemithea	Ἡμιθέα	 and Parthenos (Παρθένος), princesses of the Island of Naxos who leapt into the sea to escape their father's wrath; Apollo transformed them into demi-goddesses	Hemithea (Ἡμιθέα) and Parthenos (Παρθένος), princesses of the Island of Naxos who leapt into the sea to escape their father's wrath; Apollo transformed them into demi-goddesses
Φθινόπωρον	Pthinoporon	Greek	Rustic deities			Pthinoporon	Φθινόπωρον	, autumn	Pthinoporon (Φθινόπωρον), autumn
	Batea	Greek	mythological figures			Batea			Batea — wife of Dardanus and mother of Ilus.
Ἀμύντωρ	Amyntor	Greek	mythological figures			Amyntor	Ἀμύντωρ	 — he name of several mythological figures.	Amyntor (Ἀμύντωρ) — he name of several mythological figures.
	Laodamas	Greek	mythological figures			Laodamas			Laodamas — The name of several mythological figures.
Άκτωρ	Actor	Greek	mythological figures			Actor	Άκτωρ	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Actor (Άκτωρ) — the name of several mythological figures.
Ἡρακλῆς	Heracles	Greek	Deified mortals			Heracles	Ἡρακλῆς	, ascended hero	Heracles (Ἡρακλῆς), ascended hero
Λητώ (Lētṓ)	Leto	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of motherhood and mother of the twin Olympians, Artemis and Apollo.
Σκείρων	Skeiron	Greek	Sky deities			Skeiron	Σκείρων	, god of the northwest wind	Skeiron (Σκείρων), god of the northwest wind
	Tithonus	Greek	mythological figures			Tithonus			Tithonus — lover of Eos, granted immortality but not eternal youth.
	Meliboea	Greek	mythological figures			Meliboea			Meliboea — The name of several mythological figures.
		Animals							Turaco
Αταβύριος	Atabyrius	Greek	Sea deities			Atabyrius	Αταβύριος		Atabyrius (Αταβύριος)
	Coön	Greek	mythological figures			Coön			Coön — A son of Antenor who fell against Agamemnon.
	Peisistratus	Greek	mythological figures			Peisistratus			Peisistratus — The youngest son of Nestor.
	Caletor	Greek	mythological figures			Caletor			Caletor — The name of two men involved in the Trojan War.
Ἔρεβος	Erebos	Greek	Chthonic deities			Erebos	Ἔρεβος	, the primeval god of darkness, his mists encircled the underworld and filled the hollows of the earth	Erebos (Ἔρεβος), the primeval god of darkness, his mists encircled the underworld and filled the hollows of the earth
Ἀντάνδρη	Antandre	Greek	Amazons			Antandre	Ἀντάνδρη	, an Amazonian warrior, killed by Achilles at Troy	Antandre (Ἀντάνδρη), an Amazonian warrior, killed by Achilles at Troy
	Syleus	Greek	mythological figures			Syleus			Syleus — A Lydian who forced people to dig his vineyard and was killed by Heracles.
Νύξ (Nýx)	Nyx	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The goddess of night.
Ἀνδροκτασίαι	The Androktasiai	Greek	Spirits			The Androktasiai	Ἀνδροκτασίαι	, spirits of battlefield slaughter	The Androktasiai (Ἀνδροκτασίαι), spirits of battlefield slaughter
		Greek	Kings						Acastus, a king of Iolcus who sailed with the Argonauts and participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt
	Chthonophyle	Greek	mythological figures			Chthonophyle			Chthonophyle — A daughter of Sicyon and wife of Phlias.
Τηθύς (Tēthýs)	Tethys	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of fresh-water, and the mother of the rivers, springs, streams, fountains, and clouds.
Μίμας	Mimas	Greek	Gigantes			Mimas	Μίμας	, according to Apollodorus, he was killed by Hephaestus, or by others Zeus or Ares.	Mimas (Μίμας), according to Apollodorus, he was killed by Hephaestus, or by others Zeus or Ares.
Φοίβη	Phoebe	Greek	mythological figures			Phoebe	Φοίβη	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Phoebe (Φοίβη) — the name of several mythological figures.
	Thrasymedes	Greek	mythological figures			Thrasymedes			Thrasymedes — Soldier who fought on the side of the Greeks in the Trojan War.
Ἀντίκλεια	Anticlea	Greek	mythological figures			Anticlea	Ἀντίκλεια	 — mother of Odysseus.	Anticlea (Ἀντίκλεια) — mother of Odysseus.
		Greek	mythological figures						Agasthenes, a king of Elis
Σαγγάριος	Sangarius	Greek	Sea deities			Sangarius	Σαγγάριος	, a river-god	Sangarius (Σαγγάριος), a river-god
Κόρος	Corus	Greek	Spirits			Corus	Κόρος	, spirit of surfeit	Corus (Κόρος), spirit of surfeit
	Epicasta	Greek	mythological figures			Epicasta			Epicasta — The name of several mythological figures.
Φόνοι	The Phonoi	Greek	Spirits			The Phonoi	Φόνοι	, spirits of murder, killing, and slaughter	The Phonoi (Φόνοι), spirits of murder, killing, and slaughter
Ἀφροδίτη, Aphroditē	Aphrodite	Greek	Deity			Aphrodite	Ἀφροδίτη, Aphroditē	 Goddess of beauty, love, desire, and pleasure. In Hesiod's Theogony (188–206), she was born from sea-foam and Uranus's severed genitals; in Homer's Illiad (5.370–417), she is daughter of Zeus and Dione. She was married to Hephaestus, but bore him no children. She had many lovers, most notably Ares, to whom she bore Harmonia, Phobos, and Deimos. She was also a lover to Adonis and Anchises, to whom she bore Aeneas. She is usually depicted as a naked or semi-nude beautiful woman. Her symbols include myrtle, roses, and the scallop shell. Her sacred animals include doves and sparrows. Her Roman counterpart is Venus.[1]	Aphrodite (Ἀφροδίτη, Aphroditē) Goddess of beauty, love, desire, and pleasure. In Hesiod's Theogony (188–206), she was born from sea-foam and Uranus's severed genitals; in Homer's Illiad (5.370–417), she is daughter of Zeus and Dione. She was married to Hephaestus, but bore him no children. She had many lovers, most notably Ares, to whom she bore Harmonia, Phobos, and Deimos. She was also a lover to Adonis and Anchises, to whom she bore Aeneas. She is usually depicted as a naked or semi-nude beautiful woman. Her symbols include myrtle, roses, and the scallop shell. Her sacred animals include doves and sparrows. Her Roman counterpart is Venus.[1]
Κράτος	Kratos	Greek	Spirits			Kratos	Κράτος	, spirit of strength, might, power, and sovereign rule	Kratos (Κράτος), spirit of strength, might, power, and sovereign rule
	Endymion	Greek	mythological figures			Endymion			Endymion — eternally sleeping lover of the moon goddess Selene.
Ἀντιόπη	Antiope	Greek	Amazons			Antiope	Ἀντιόπη	, a daughter of Ares and sister of Hippolyta	Antiope (Ἀντιόπη), a daughter of Ares and sister of Hippolyta
Εὐφροσύνη	Euphrosyne	Greek	Other deities			Euphrosyne	Εὐφροσύνη	, goddess of good cheer, joy, mirth, and merriment	Euphrosyne (Εὐφροσύνη), goddess of good cheer, joy, mirth, and merriment
		Greek	Kings						Pentheus, a king of Thebes who banned the worship of Dionysus and was torn apart by Maenads
Τύχη	Tyche	Greek	Spirits			Tyche	Τύχη	, goddess of fortune, chance, providence, and fate	Tyche (Τύχη), goddess of fortune, chance, providence, and fate
	Antiphus	Greek	mythological figures			Antiphus			Antiphus — the name of several mythological figures.
Πόθος	Pothos	Greek	Spirits			Pothos	Πόθος	, god of sexual longing, yearning, and desire	Pothos (Πόθος), god of sexual longing, yearning, and desire
	Trambelus	Greek	mythological figures			Trambelus			Trambelus — A son of Telamon and half-brother of Ajax.
Ῥέα (Rhéa)	Rhea	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of fertility, motherhood and the mountain wilds. She is the sister and consort of Cronus, and mother of Zeus, Hades, Poseidon, Hera, Demeter, and Hestia.
	Charops	Greek	mythological figures			Charops			Charops — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀγών	Agon	Greek	Spirits			Agon	Ἀγών	, spirit of contest, who possessed an altar at Olympia, site of the Olympic Games.	Agon (Ἀγών), spirit of contest, who possessed an altar at Olympia, site of the Olympic Games.
	Cilix	Greek	mythological figures			Cilix			Cilix — founder of Cilicia.
Ὕβρις	Hybris	Greek	Spirits			Hybris	Ὕβρις	, spirit of outrageous behaviour	Hybris (Ὕβρις), spirit of outrageous behaviour
Νικοθόη	Nicothoe	Greek	Sea deities			Nicothoe	Νικοθόη		Nicothoe (Νικοθόη)
	Cleoboea	Greek	mythological figures			Cleoboea			Cleoboea — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀκαρνάν	Acarnan	Greek	mythological figures			Acarnan	Ἀκαρνάν	 — son of Alcmaeon and Callirrhoe.	Acarnan (Ἀκαρνάν) — son of Alcmaeon and Callirrhoe.
Κυβέλη	Cybele	Greek	Rustic deities			Cybele	Κυβέλη	, a Phrygian mountain goddess associated with Rhea	Cybele (Κυβέλη), a Phrygian mountain goddess associated with Rhea
Δυναμένη	Dynamene	Greek	Sea deities			Dynamene	Δυναμένη	, associated with the might and power of great ocean swells	Dynamene (Δυναμένη), associated with the might and power of great ocean swells
Πάλλας	Pallas	Greek	Gigantes			Pallas	Πάλλας	, according to Apollodorus, he was flayed by Athena, who used his skin as a shield.	Pallas (Πάλλας), according to Apollodorus, he was flayed by Athena, who used his skin as a shield.
Δηιονεύς	Deioneus	Greek	mythological figures			Deioneus	Δηιονεύς	 or Deion (Δηίων) — The name of several mythological figures.	Deioneus (Δηιονεύς) or Deion (Δηίων) — The name of several mythological figures.
Θέμις (Thémis)	Themis	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of divine law and order.
Νήτη	Nete	Greek	Other deities			Nete	Νήτη	 "the lowest (chord of the lyre)"	Nete (Νήτη) "the lowest (chord of the lyre)"
	Atrax	Greek	mythological figures			Atrax			Atrax — founder of Atracia in Thessaly.
	Hippotes	Greek	mythological figures			Hippotes			Hippotes — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Eurystheus, a king of Tiryns
Κόρυμβος	Corymbus	Greek	Rustic deities			Corymbus	Κόρυμβος	, god of the fruit of the ivy	Corymbus (Κόρυμβος), god of the fruit of the ivy
Ἠώς	Eos	Greek	Sky deities			Eos	Ἠώς	, Titan goddess of the dawn	Eos (Ἠώς), Titan goddess of the dawn
		Greek	Kings						Myles, a king of Laconia
	Autochthe	Greek	mythological figures			Autochthe			Autochthe — A daughter of Perseus and Andromeda who married Aegeus.
		Greek	Chthonic deities						
Ἀνάγκη (Anánkē)	Ananke	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The goddess of inevitability, compulsion, and necessity.
Ηεκατερος	Hecaterus	Greek	Rustic deities			Hecaterus	Ηεκατερος	, minor god of the hekateris — a rustic dance of quickly moving hands — and perhaps of the skill of hands in general	Hecaterus (Ηεκατερος), minor god of the hekateris — a rustic dance of quickly moving hands — and perhaps of the skill of hands in general
		Greek	Kings						Midas, a king of Phrygia granted the power to turn anything to gold with a touch
Φόβος	Phobos	Greek	Spirits			Phobos	Φόβος	, spirit of panic fear, flight, and battlefield rout	Phobos (Φόβος), spirit of panic fear, flight, and battlefield rout
Πανάκεια	Panacea	Greek	Agricultural deities			Panacea	Πανάκεια	, goddess of healing	Panacea (Πανάκεια), goddess of healing
	Pygmalion	Greek	mythological figures			Pygmalion			Pygmalion — A sculptor who fell in love with his own creation.
	Minyas	Greek	mythological figures			Minyas			Minyas — founder of Orchomenus in Boeotia.
Χρύσος	Chrysus	Greek	Other deities			Chrysus	Χρύσος	, spirit of gold	Chrysus (Χρύσος), spirit of gold
		Greek	Kings						Gelanor, a king of Argos
	Chione, daughter of Arcturus	Greek	mythological figures			Chione, daughter of Arcturus			Chione, daughter of Arcturus — A lover of Boreas.
Ευρυτιων	Eurytion	Greek	Rustic deities			Eurytion	Ευρυτιων		Eurytion (Ευρυτιων)
		Greek	Kings						Lycurgus of Nemea, a king of Nemea
	Eurythemis	Greek	mythological figures			Eurythemis			Eurythemis — The name of several mythological figures.
	Hyperochus	Greek	mythological figures			Hyperochus			Hyperochus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Iphimedeia	Greek	mythological figures			Iphimedeia			Iphimedeia — A lover of Poseidon.
Ἐνυώ	Enyo	Greek	Other deities			Enyo	Ἐνυώ	, goddess of destructive war	Enyo (Ἐνυώ), goddess of destructive war
	Ceyx	Greek	mythological figures			Ceyx			Ceyx — husband of Alcyone.
	Zeuxippus	Greek	mythological figures			Zeuxippus			Zeuxippus — The name of several mythological figures.
Ουρανία	Urania	Greek	Other deities			Urania	Ουρανία	, muse of astronomy	Urania (Ουρανία), muse of astronomy
Ἀγαπήνωρ	Agapenor	Greek	mythological figures			Agapenor	Ἀγαπήνωρ	 — leader of the Arcadians during the Trojan War.	Agapenor (Ἀγαπήνωρ) — leader of the Arcadians during the Trojan War.
Ageláos	Agelaus	Greek	mythological figures			Agelaus	Ageláos	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Agelaus (Ageláos) — the name of several mythological figures.
	Peristhenes	Greek	mythological figures			Peristhenes			Peristhenes — The name of several mythological figures.
Τίτυος	Tityos	Greek	Gigantes			Tityos	Τίτυος	, a giant slain by Apollo and Artemis when he attempted to violate their mother Leto.	Tityos (Τίτυος), a giant slain by Apollo and Artemis when he attempted to violate their mother Leto.
	Orsilochus	Greek	mythological figures			Orsilochus			Orsilochus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Calesius	Greek	mythological figures			Calesius			Calesius — Axylus' charioteer.
		Greek	Kings						Oileus, a king of Locris
		Greek	mythological figures						
		Greek	Kings						Ixion, a king of the Lapiths who attempted to rape Hera and was bound to a flaming wheel in Tartarus
	Apis	Greek	mythological figures			Apis			Apis — the name of several mythological figures.
	Othryoneus	Greek	mythological figures			Othryoneus			Othryoneus — A suitor of Cassandra.
	Delphus	Greek	mythological figures			Delphus			Delphus — The name of several mythological figures.
Αγλαόπη	Aglaope	Greek	Sea deities			Aglaope	Αγλαόπη	 or Aglaophonos (Αγλαόφωνος) or Aglaopheme (Αγλαοφήμη)	Aglaope (Αγλαόπη) or Aglaophonos (Αγλαόφωνος) or Aglaopheme (Αγλαοφήμη)
Στύξ	Styx	Greek	Rustic deities			Styx	Στύξ		Styx (Στύξ)
Ἐλπίς	Elpis	Greek	Spirits			Elpis	Ἐλπίς	, spirit of hope and expectation	Elpis (Ἐλπίς), spirit of hope and expectation
Εἵμαρμένη	Heimarmene	Greek	Spirits			Heimarmene	Εἵμαρμένη	, personification of share destined by fate	Heimarmene (Εἵμαρμένη), personification of share destined by fate
Ήβη	Hebe	Greek	Spirits			Hebe	Ήβη	, goddess of youth	Hebe (Ήβη), goddess of youth
Φώλος	Pholus	Greek	Rustic deities			Pholus	Φώλος		Pholus (Φώλος)
Εὐφήμη	Eupheme	Greek	Spirits			Eupheme	Εὐφήμη	, spirit of words of good omen, acclamation, praise, applause, and shouts of triumph	Eupheme (Εὐφήμη), spirit of words of good omen, acclamation, praise, applause, and shouts of triumph
Αχιλλεύς or Αχιλλέας	Achilles	Greek	Heroes			Achilles	Αχιλλεύς or Αχιλλέας	, hero of the Trojan War and a central character in Homer's Iliad	Achilles (Αχιλλεύς or Αχιλλέας), hero of the Trojan War and a central character in Homer's Iliad
Ἀγαμήδης	Agamedes	Greek	mythological figures			Agamedes	Ἀγαμήδης	 — a famed architect.	Agamedes (Ἀγαμήδης) — a famed architect.
	Theonoe	Greek	mythological figures			Theonoe			Theonoe — The name of several mythological figures.
	Asteropaios	Greek	mythological figures			Asteropaios			Asteropaios — A Paeonian ally of the Trojans.
Ίμερόπη	Himerope	Greek	Sea deities			Himerope	Ίμερόπη		Himerope (Ίμερόπη)
Αἴθρα	Aethra	Greek	mythological figures			Aethra	Αἴθρα	 — mother of Theseus.	Aethra (Αἴθρα) — mother of Theseus.
Φθόνος	Phthonus	Greek	Spirits			Phthonus	Φθόνος	, spirit of envy and jealousy	Phthonus (Φθόνος), spirit of envy and jealousy
	Deimachus	Greek	mythological figures			Deimachus			Deimachus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Pleuron	Greek	mythological figures			Pleuron			Pleuron — eponym of Pleuron, Aetolia.
Ακμών	Akmon	Greek	Rustic deities			Akmon	Ακμών		Akmon (Ακμών)
Ἀμφίλοχος	Amphilochus	Greek	Seers/oracles			Amphilochus	Ἀμφίλοχος	, a seer and brother of Alcmaeon who died in the war of the Seven Against Thebes	Amphilochus (Ἀμφίλοχος), a seer and brother of Alcmaeon who died in the war of the Seven Against Thebes
Σωφροσύνη	Sophrosyne	Greek	Spirits			Sophrosyne	Σωφροσύνη	, spirit of moderation, self-control, temperance, restraint, and discretion	Sophrosyne (Σωφροσύνη), spirit of moderation, self-control, temperance, restraint, and discretion
Πόντος (Póntos)	Pontus	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The god of the sea, father of the fish and other sea creatures.
Χάριτες	Charites	Greek	Other deities			Charites	Χάριτες	, goddesses of charm, beauty, nature, human creativity, and fertility	Charites (Χάριτες), goddesses of charm, beauty, nature, human creativity, and fertility
	Amethystos	Greek	mythological figures			Amethystos			Amethystos — a maiden that was changed into amethyst.
	Golgos	Greek	mythological figures			Golgos			Golgos — Son of Adonis and Aphrodite
Άτροπος	Atropos	Greek	Spirits			Atropos	Άτροπος	, the severer of the life thread	Atropos (Άτροπος), the severer of the life thread
Δαμων	Damon	Greek	Sea deities			Damon	Δαμων	 or Demonax (Δημώναξ)	Damon (Δαμων) or Demonax (Δημώναξ)
Κίρκη	Circe	Greek	Other deities			Circe	Κίρκη	, goddess-witch of Aeaea	Circe (Κίρκη), goddess-witch of Aeaea
		Animals							Guenon
		Greek	Sky deities						
		Animals							Linsang
	Demonassa	Greek	mythological figures			Demonassa			Demonassa — The name of several mythological figures.
	Oncius	Greek	mythological figures			Oncius			Oncius — A son of Apollo and eponymous hero of Oncium, Arcadia.
Φρίκη	Phrike	Greek	Spirits			Phrike	Φρίκη	, spirit of horror and trembling fear	Phrike (Φρίκη), spirit of horror and trembling fear
Μορφεύς	Morpheus	Greek	Spirits			Morpheus	Μορφεύς	, god of dreams, who takes shape of humans	Morpheus (Μορφεύς), god of dreams, who takes shape of humans
		Greek	Sea deities						Some notable Oceanides include:
	Peisenor	Greek	mythological figures			Peisenor			Peisenor — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀλκή	Alke	Greek	Spirits			Alke	Ἀλκή	, spirit of prowess and courage	Alke (Ἀλκή), spirit of prowess and courage
Αιγεύς	Aegeus	Greek	Kings			Aegeus	Αιγεύς	, a king of Athens and father of Theseus	Aegeus (Αιγεύς), a king of Athens and father of Theseus
Τισιφόνη	Tisiphone	Greek	Chthonic deities			Tisiphone	Τισιφόνη	, avenger of murder	Tisiphone (Τισιφόνη), avenger of murder
Ορφνη	Orphne	Greek	Chthonic deities			Orphne	Ορφνη	, a Lampad nymph of Hades, mother of Askalaphos	Orphne (Ορφνη), a Lampad nymph of Hades, mother of Askalaphos
	Cleite	Greek	mythological figures			Cleite			Cleite — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Notable women						Deianeira, the third wife and unwitting killer of Heracles
		Greek	Sea deities						Styx, goddess of the river Styx
		Greek	Inmates of Tartarus						Sisyphus, a king of Thessaly who attempted to cheat death and was sentenced to an eternity of rolling a boulder up a hill, only to watch it roll back down
		Greek	Kings						Rhadamanthys, a king of Crete; after his death, he became a judge of the dead in the Underworld
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Iamus, a son of Apollo possessing the gift of prophecy, he founded the Iamidai
Ἐπιάλης	Epiales	Greek	Spirits			Epiales	Ἐπιάλης	, spirit of nightmares	Epiales (Ἐπιάλης), spirit of nightmares
		Greek	Kings						Euxantius, a king of Ceos, son of Minos and Dexithea
	Diocles	Greek	mythological figures			Diocles			Diocles — The name of several mythological figures.
	Hippodamas	Greek	mythological figures			Hippodamas			Hippodamas — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Argus, a son of Zeus and king of Argos after Phoroneus
	Phialo	Greek	mythological figures			Phialo			Phialo — A lover of Heracles.
	Perimede	Greek	mythological figures			Perimede			Perimede — The name of several mythological figures.
Θράσος	Thrasos	Greek	Spirits			Thrasos	Θράσος	, spirit of boldness	Thrasos (Θράσος), spirit of boldness
Αχέρων	Acheron	Greek	Chthonic deities			Acheron	Αχέρων	, the river of woe	Acheron (Αχέρων), the river of woe
Φαέθων	Phaethon	Greek	Sky deities			Phaethon	Φαέθων	, god of Dios, the planet Jupiter	Phaethon (Φαέθων), god of Dios, the planet Jupiter
	Polyboea	Greek	mythological figures			Polyboea			Polyboea — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Phineus, a king of Thrace
	Mytilene	Greek	mythological figures			Mytilene			Mytilene — The name of several mythological figures.
	Tecmessa	Greek	mythological figures			Tecmessa			Tecmessa — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀλκυών or Ἀλκυόνη	Alcyone	Greek	mythological figures			Alcyone	Ἀλκυών or Ἀλκυόνη	 — daughter of Aeolus and wife of Ceyx.	Alcyone (Ἀλκυών or Ἀλκυόνη) — daughter of Aeolus and wife of Ceyx.
Μίνθη	Minthe	Greek	Rustic deities			Minthe	Μίνθη		Minthe (Μίνθη)
Ἁνδραίμων	Andraemon	Greek	mythological figures			Andraemon	Ἁνδραίμων	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Andraemon (Ἁνδραίμων) — the name of several mythological figures.
	Hecamede	Greek	mythological figures			Hecamede			Hecamede — Daughter of Arsinoös who was captured and given to Nestor as a servant.
		Greek	Heroes						Hector, hero of the Trojan War and champion of the Trojan people
	Clytius	Greek	mythological figures			Clytius			Clytius — The name of several mythological figures.
	Caunus	Greek	mythological figures			Caunus			Caunus — A son of Miletus who fled from his twin sister's incestuous advances.
Ασκληπιός	Asclepius	Greek	Agricultural deities			Asclepius	Ασκληπιός	, god of medicine	Asclepius (Ασκληπιός), god of medicine
	Trophonius	Greek	mythological figures			Trophonius			Trophonius — An architect, brother of Agamedes.
	Autonous	Greek	mythological figures			Autonous			Autonous — man transformed by the gods into a stone curlew.
Ἀληκτώ	Alecto	Greek	Chthonic deities			Alecto	Ἀληκτώ	, the unceasing one	Alecto (Ἀληκτώ), the unceasing one
	Thero	Greek	mythological figures			Thero			Thero — The name of several mythological figures.
	Eribotes	Greek	mythological figures			Eribotes			Eribotes — one of the Argonauts.
Ὅμαδος	Homados	Greek	Spirits			Homados	Ὅμαδος	, spirit of the din of battle	Homados (Ὅμαδος), spirit of the din of battle
	Telephassa	Greek	mythological figures			Telephassa			Telephassa — wife of Agenor and mother of Cadmus.
		Greek	Kings						Creon, a king of Thebes, brother of Jocasta and uncle of Oedipus
Ἄτη	Atë	Greek	Spirits			Atë	Ἄτη	, spirit of delusion, infatuation, blind folly, recklessness, and ruin	Atë (Ἄτη), spirit of delusion, infatuation, blind folly, recklessness, and ruin
Ευρυμεδών	Eurymedon	Greek	Rustic deities			Eurymedon	Ευρυμεδών		Eurymedon (Ευρυμεδών)
		Greek	Kings						Tegyrios, a king of Thrace
	Polyxenus	Greek	mythological figures			Polyxenus			Polyxenus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Chione, daughter of Daedalion	Greek	mythological figures			Chione, daughter of Daedalion			Chione, daughter of Daedalion — mother of Philammon and Autolycus by Apollo and Hermes respectively.
Λοξώ	Loxo	Greek	Rustic deities			Loxo	Λοξώ	, represented trajectory	Loxo (Λοξώ), represented trajectory
	Demodice	Greek	mythological figures			Demodice			Demodice — The name of several mythological figures.
	Myrmidone	Greek	mythological figures			Myrmidone			Myrmidone — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Cepheus, a king of Ethiopia
Kωκυτός	Kokytos	Greek	Chthonic deities			Kokytos	Kωκυτός	, the river of wailing	Kokytos (Kωκυτός), the river of wailing
	Myrmidon	Greek	mythological figures			Myrmidon			Myrmidon — eponymous progenitor of the Myrmidons.
	Autolycus	Greek	mythological figures			Autolycus			Autolycus — A son of Hermes.
	Dolon	Greek	mythological figures			Dolon			Dolon — A fast runner who fought for Troy in the Trojan War.
Μελπομένη	Melpomene	Greek	Other deities			Melpomene	Μελπομένη	, muse of tragedy	Melpomene (Μελπομένη), muse of tragedy
	Chryseis	Greek	mythological figures			Chryseis			Chryseis — A woman enslaved as a war prize by Agamemnon, who was later forced to return her.
Αυξώ	Auxo	Greek	Rustic deities			Auxo	Αυξώ	, goddess of spring growth	Auxo (Αυξώ), goddess of spring growth
Κακος	Cacus	Greek	Gigantes			Cacus	Κακος	, a fire-breathing Latin giant slain by Heracles.	Cacus (Κακος), a fire-breathing Latin giant slain by Heracles.
son of Endymion	Paeon	Greek	mythological figures			Paeon	son of Endymion	 — Eponym of Paeonia.	Paeon (son of Endymion) — Eponym of Paeonia.
	Cydon	Greek	mythological figures			Cydon			Cydon — The name of several mythological figures.
	Peirous	Greek	mythological figures			Peirous			Peirous — A Thracian ally of the Trojans.
Μελέτη	Melete	Greek	Other deities			Melete	Μελέτη	, muse of meditation and practice	Melete (Μελέτη), muse of meditation and practice
Βριτόμαρτις	Britomartis	Greek	Rustic deities			Britomartis	Βριτόμαρτις	, Cretan goddess of hunting and nets used for fishing, fowling and the hunting of small game	Britomartis (Βριτόμαρτις), Cretan goddess of hunting and nets used for fishing, fowling and the hunting of small game
Ψυχή	Psyche	Greek	Deified mortals			Psyche	Ψυχή	, goddess of the soul	Psyche (Ψυχή), goddess of the soul
	Oxylus	Greek	mythological figures			Oxylus			Oxylus — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Echetus, a king of Epirus
Σμάραγος	Smaragos	Greek	Other deities			Smaragos	Σμάραγος	, the smasher	Smaragos (Σμάραγος), the smasher
	Stratonice	Greek	mythological figures			Stratonice			Stratonice — The name of several mythological figures.
	Laodamia	Greek	mythological figures			Laodamia			Laodamia — The name of several mythological figures.
	Lampus	Greek	mythological figures			Lampus			Lampus — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀραί	The Arae	Greek	Spirits			The Arae	Ἀραί	, spirits of curses	The Arae (Ἀραί), spirits of curses
	Themiste	Greek	mythological figures			Themiste			Themiste — A daughter of Ilus and mother of Anchises.
Αἰών (Aiôn)	Aion	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The god of eternity, personifying cyclical and unbounded time. Sometimes equated with Chronos.
	Thoas	Greek	mythological figures			Thoas			Thoas — A leader of the Aetolian armies during the Trojan War.
	Hyllus	Greek	mythological figures			Hyllus			Hyllus — Son of Heracles and Deianira.
Αὖραι	Aurai	Greek	Sky deities			Aurai	Αὖραι	, nymphs of the cooling breeze	Aurai (Αὖραι), nymphs of the cooling breeze
Σίμων	Simon	Greek	Sea deities			Simon	Σίμων		Simon (Σίμων)
Αστραία	Astraea	Greek	Other deities			Astraea	Αστραία	, virgin goddess of justice	Astraea (Αστραία), virgin goddess of justice
		Greek	Other deities						Olympian Muses, daughters of Zeus and Mnemosyne
	Phytalus	Greek	mythological figures			Phytalus			Phytalus — An Attic hero encountered by Demeter.
Κῆτώ	Ceto	Greek	Sea deities			Ceto	Κῆτώ	, goddess of the dangers of the ocean and of sea monsters	Ceto (Κῆτώ), goddess of the dangers of the ocean and of sea monsters
	Polydorus	Greek	mythological figures			Polydorus			Polydorus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Phalerus	Greek	mythological figures			Phalerus			Phalerus — A son of Alcon who sailed with the Argonauts.
		Greek	Kings						Pelops, a king of Pisa and founder of the House of Atreus
Ἀφρόδιτος	Aphroditus	Greek	Other deities			Aphroditus	Ἀφρόδιτος	, Cyprian hermaphroditic Aphrodite	Aphroditus (Ἀφρόδιτος), Cyprian hermaphroditic Aphrodite
	Chthonius	Greek	mythological figures			Chthonius			Chthonius — The name of several mythological figures.
Τελεσφόρος	Telesphorus	Greek	Agricultural deities			Telesphorus	Τελεσφόρος	, demi-god of convalescence, who "brought to fulfillment" recuperation from illness or injury	Telesphorus (Τελεσφόρος), demi-god of convalescence, who "brought to fulfillment" recuperation from illness or injury
	Ctesippus	Greek	mythological figures			Ctesippus			Ctesippus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Narcissus	Greek	mythological figures			Narcissus			Narcissus — A young man who fell in love with his own reflection.
	Canace	Greek	mythological figures			Canace			Canace — A daughter of Aeolus and lover of Poseidon.
		Greek	Kings						Teuthras, a king of Mysia
Αινείας	Aeneas	Greek	Heroes			Aeneas	Αινείας	, a hero of the Trojan War and progenitor of the Roman people	Aeneas (Αινείας), a hero of the Trojan War and progenitor of the Roman people
		Greek	Rustic deities						
		Greek	mythological figures						
Αλφειός	Alpheus	Greek	Rustic deities			Alpheus	Αλφειός		Alpheus (Αλφειός)
	Protesilaus	Greek	mythological figures			Protesilaus			Protesilaus — The first Greek soldier to die at Troy.
Σκύθης	Skythes	Greek	Rustic deities			Skythes	Σκύθης		Skythes (Σκύθης)
Βία "Violence"	Bia	Greek	Spirits			Bia	Βία "Violence"	, the personification of force and raw energy	Bia (Βία "Violence"), the personification of force and raw energy
	Endeïs	Greek	mythological figures			Endeïs			Endeïs — Daughter of Chiron.
	Cassiopeia	Greek	mythological figures			Cassiopeia			Cassiopeia — A vain Ethiopian queen, punished by Poseidon for her hubris.
Ἀπόλλων, Apóllōn	Apollo	Greek	Deity			Apollo	Ἀπόλλων, Apóllōn	 God of music, arts, knowledge, healing, plague, prophecy, poetry, manly beauty, and archery. He is the son of Zeus and Leto, and the twin brother of Artemis. Both Apollo and Artemis use a bow and arrow. Apollo is depicted as young, beardless, handsome and athletic. In myth, he can be cruel and destructive, and his love affairs are rarely happy. He is often accompanied by the Muses. His most famous temple is in Delphi, where he established his oracular shrine. His signs and symbols include the laurel wreath, bow and arrow, and lyre. His sacred animals include roe deer, swans, and pythons. Some late Roman and Greek poetry and mythography identifies him as a sun-god, equivalent to Roman Sol and Greek Helios.[2]	Apollo (Ἀπόλλων, Apóllōn) God of music, arts, knowledge, healing, plague, prophecy, poetry, manly beauty, and archery. He is the son of Zeus and Leto, and the twin brother of Artemis. Both Apollo and Artemis use a bow and arrow. Apollo is depicted as young, beardless, handsome and athletic. In myth, he can be cruel and destructive, and his love affairs are rarely happy. He is often accompanied by the Muses. His most famous temple is in Delphi, where he established his oracular shrine. His signs and symbols include the laurel wreath, bow and arrow, and lyre. His sacred animals include roe deer, swans, and pythons. Some late Roman and Greek poetry and mythography identifies him as a sun-god, equivalent to Roman Sol and Greek Helios.[2]
Βορέας	Boreas	Greek	Sky deities			Boreas	Βορέας	, god of the north wind and of winter	Boreas (Βορέας), god of the north wind and of winter
Ίδυια	Idyia	Greek	Sea deities			Idyia	Ίδυια	, wife of the Colchian king Aeetes, mother of Medea	Idyia (Ίδυια), wife of the Colchian king Aeetes, mother of Medea
Κοῖος (Koîos)	Coeus	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titan of intellect and the axis of heaven around which the constellations revolved.
		Greek	Kings						Cranaus, a king of Athens
		Greek	mythological figures						Caeneus, formerly Caenis, a woman who was transformed into a man and became a mighty warrior
Νότος	Notus	Greek	Sky deities			Notus	Νότος	 god of the south wind	Notus (Νότος) god of the south wind
	Apheidas	Greek	mythological figures			Apheidas			Apheidas — the name of several mythological figures.
Ἄχος	Achos	Greek	Spirits			Achos	Ἄχος	 "trouble, distress"	Achos (Ἄχος) "trouble, distress"
		Animals							Adzebill
Τηθύς	Tethys	Greek	Sea deities			Tethys	Τηθύς	, Titan goddess of the sources of fresh water, and the mother of the rivers, springs, streams, fountains, and clouds	Tethys (Τηθύς), Titan goddess of the sources of fresh water, and the mother of the rivers, springs, streams, fountains, and clouds
Γλαῦκος	Glaucus	Greek	Deified mortals			Glaucus	Γλαῦκος	, the fisherman's sea god, made immortal after eating a magical herb	Glaucus (Γλαῦκος), the fisherman's sea god, made immortal after eating a magical herb
	Schedius	Greek	mythological figures			Schedius			Schedius — The name of several mythological figures.
Δυσσέβεια	Dyssebeia	Greek	Spirits			Dyssebeia	Δυσσέβεια	, spirit of impiety	Dyssebeia (Δυσσέβεια), spirit of impiety
	Pylaemenes	Greek	mythological figures			Pylaemenes			Pylaemenes — An Enetian ally of the Trojans.
		Animals							Nutria
Ἀκάμας	Acamas, son of Theseus	Greek	mythological figures			Acamas, son of Theseus	Ἀκάμας	 — son of Theseus who fought with the Greeks during the Trojan War.	Acamas, son of Theseus (Ἀκάμας) — son of Theseus who fought with the Greeks during the Trojan War.
Φήμη	Pheme	Greek	Spirits			Pheme	Φήμη	, spirit of rumour, report, and gossip	Pheme (Φήμη), spirit of rumour, report, and gossip
	Cydippe	Greek	mythological figures			Cydippe			Cydippe — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Notable women						Ismene, sister of Antigone
Ἐπίφρων	Epiphron	Greek	Spirits			Epiphron	Ἐπίφρων	, spirit of prudence, shrewdness, thoughtfulness, carefulness, and sagacity	Epiphron (Ἐπίφρων), spirit of prudence, shrewdness, thoughtfulness, carefulness, and sagacity
Ἀλθαία	Althaea	Greek	mythological figures			Althaea	Ἀλθαία	 — mother of Meleager.	Althaea (Ἀλθαία) — mother of Meleager.
	Chrysippe	Greek	mythological figures			Chrysippe			Chrysippe — The name of several mythological figures.
Αλεκτρονα	Alectrona	Greek	Sky deities			Alectrona	Αλεκτρονα	, solar goddess of the morning or waking up	Alectrona (Αλεκτρονα), solar goddess of the morning or waking up
		Greek	Kings						Priam, king of Troy during the Trojan War
	Proclia	Greek	mythological figures			Proclia			Proclia — Daughter of Laomedon, sister of Priam and wife of Cycnus.
Ἀθηνᾶ, Athēnâ	Athena	Greek	Deity			Athena	Ἀθηνᾶ, Athēnâ	 Goddess of reason, wisdom, intelligence, skill, peace, warfare, battle strategy, and handicrafts. According to most traditions, she was born from Zeus's forehead, fully formed and armored. She is depicted as being crowned with a crested helm, armed with shield and spear, and wearing the aegis over a long dress. Poets describe her as "grey-eyed" or having especially bright, keen eyes. She is a special patron of heroes such as Odysseus. She is the patron of the city Athens (which was named after her) and is attributed to various inventions in arts and literature. Her symbol is the olive tree. She is commonly shown as being accompanied by her sacred animal, the owl. Her Roman counterpart is Minerva.[5]	Athena (Ἀθηνᾶ, Athēnâ) Goddess of reason, wisdom, intelligence, skill, peace, warfare, battle strategy, and handicrafts. According to most traditions, she was born from Zeus's forehead, fully formed and armored. She is depicted as being crowned with a crested helm, armed with shield and spear, and wearing the aegis over a long dress. Poets describe her as "grey-eyed" or having especially bright, keen eyes. She is a special patron of heroes such as Odysseus. She is the patron of the city Athens (which was named after her) and is attributed to various inventions in arts and literature. Her symbol is the olive tree. She is commonly shown as being accompanied by her sacred animal, the owl. Her Roman counterpart is Minerva.[5]
Ἄγρων	Agron	Greek	mythological figures			Agron	Ἄγρων	 — son of Eumelus who was transformed into a plover for disrespecting Hermes, Athena and Artemis.	Agron (Ἄγρων) — son of Eumelus who was transformed into a plover for disrespecting Hermes, Athena and Artemis.
	Teleon	Greek	mythological figures			Teleon			Teleon — father of Butes and Eribotes.
	Nyctimus	Greek	mythological figures			Nyctimus			Nyctimus — A son of Lycaon who was killed and served up as a meal to Zeus.
		Greek	Heroes						Meleager, a hero who sailed with the Argonauts and killed the Calydonian Boar
		Greek	Heroes						Ganymede, Trojan hero and lover of Zeus, who was given immortality and appointed cup-bearer to the gods
	Meda	Greek	mythological figures			Meda			Meda — The name of several mythological figures.
Λάχεσις	Lachesis	Greek	Spirits			Lachesis	Λάχεσις	, the measurer of the life thread	Lachesis (Λάχεσις), the measurer of the life thread
	Pyrrha	Greek	mythological figures			Pyrrha			Pyrrha — Wife of Deucalion.
Πολυβώτης	Polybotes	Greek	Gigantes			Polybotes	Πολυβώτης	, typically slain by Poseidon.	Polybotes (Πολυβώτης), typically slain by Poseidon.
Ευδαιμονία	Eudaimonia	Greek	Other deities			Eudaimonia	Ευδαιμονία	 "happiness"	Eudaimonia (Ευδαιμονία) "happiness"
Νύξ	Nyx,	Greek	Sky deities			Nyx,	Νύξ	, goddess of the night	Nyx, (Νύξ), goddess of the night
Αὔρα (Aúra)	Aura	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of the breeze and the fresh, cool air of early morning.
		Greek	Kings						Lycaon of Arcadia, a deceitful Arcadian king who was transformed by Zeus into a wolf
		Greek	Kings						Sithon, a king of Thrace
Ἀμύκλας	Amyclas	Greek	mythological figures			Amyclas	Ἀμύκλας	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Amyclas (Ἀμύκλας) — the name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Carnus, an Acarnanian seer and lover of Apollo
Θέτις	Thetis	Greek	Sea deities			Thetis	Θέτις	, leader of the Nereids who presided over the spawning of marine life in the sea	Thetis (Θέτις), leader of the Nereids who presided over the spawning of marine life in the sea
Πυρῥιχος	Pyrrhichos	Greek	Rustic deities			Pyrrhichos	Πυρῥιχος	, god of the rustic dance	Pyrrhichos (Πυρῥιχος), god of the rustic dance
	Chthonia	Greek	mythological figures			Chthonia			Chthonia — The name of several mythological figures.
Κάβειροι	Cabeiri	Greek	Rustic deities			Cabeiri	Κάβειροι	, gods or spirits who presided over the Mysteries of the islands of Lemnos and Samothrace	Cabeiri (Κάβειροι), gods or spirits who presided over the Mysteries of the islands of Lemnos and Samothrace
	Atymnius	Greek	mythological figures			Atymnius			Atymnius — The name of several mythological figures.
	Ornytus	Greek	mythological figures			Ornytus			Ornytus — The name of several mythological figures.
Ραψώ	Rhapso	Greek	Other deities			Rhapso	Ραψώ	, minor goddess or nymph whose name apparently refers to sewing	Rhapso (Ραψώ), minor goddess or nymph whose name apparently refers to sewing
Τελέτη	Telete	Greek	Rustic deities			Telete	Τελέτη	, goddess of initiation into the Bacchic orgies	Telete (Τελέτη), goddess of initiation into the Bacchic orgies
	Borus	Greek	mythological figures			Borus			Borus — The name of several mythological figures.
Θέρος	Theros	Greek	Rustic deities			Theros	Θέρος	, summer	Theros (Θέρος), summer
	Dymas	Greek	mythological figures			Dymas			Dymas — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Autesion, a king of Thebes
Ἀχλύς	Achlys	Greek	Spirits			Achlys	Ἀχλύς	, spirit of the death-mist, personification of sadness, misery and poison	Achlys (Ἀχλύς), spirit of the death-mist, personification of sadness, misery and poison
	Xanthippe	Greek	mythological figures			Xanthippe			Xanthippe — The name of several mythological figures.
	Eurybates	Greek	mythological figures			Eurybates			Eurybates — herald of the Greek armies and squire to Odysseus during the Trojan War.
Πανδία	Pandia	Greek	Sky deities			Pandia	Πανδία	, daughter of Selene and Zeus	Pandia (Πανδία), daughter of Selene and Zeus
Σπονδή	Sponde	Greek	Rustic deities			Sponde	Σπονδή	, libations poured after lunch	Sponde (Σπονδή), libations poured after lunch
	Paris	Greek	mythological figures			Paris			Paris — A son of Priam whose abduction of Helen resulted in the Trojan War.
Ἀριάδνη	Ariadne	Greek	Agricultural deities			Ariadne	Ἀριάδνη	, goddess of vegetation, mazes, paths, fertility, and wine	Ariadne (Ἀριάδνη), goddess of vegetation, mazes, paths, fertility, and wine
Νηρηίδες	Nereides	Greek	Sea deities			Nereides	Νηρηίδες	, sea nymphs	Nereides (Νηρηίδες), sea nymphs
	Aspalis	Greek	mythological figures			Aspalis			Aspalis — A maiden of Melite, Phthia associated with a local cult of Artemis.
		Greek	Kings						Pittheus, a king of Troezen and grandfather of Theseus
Παιδία	Paidia	Greek	Other deities			Paidia	Παιδία	 "play, amusement"	Paidia (Παιδία) "play, amusement"
Γέλως	Gelos	Greek	Spirits			Gelos	Γέλως	, spirit of laughter	Gelos (Γέλως), spirit of laughter
Φάντασος	Phantasos	Greek	Spirits			Phantasos	Φάντασος	 spirit of dreams of fantasy, who takes shape of inanimate objects	Phantasos (Φάντασος) spirit of dreams of fantasy, who takes shape of inanimate objects
Αἴολος	Aeolus	Greek	Deified mortals			Aeolus	Αἴολος	, a king of Thessaly, made the immortal king of the winds by Zeus	Aeolus (Αἴολος), a king of Thessaly, made the immortal king of the winds by Zeus
	Axylus	Greek	mythological figures			Axylus			Axylus — A participant in the Trojan War who fought on the side of Troy.
	Zeuxippe	Greek	mythological figures			Zeuxippe			Zeuxippe — The name of several mythological figures.
	Metaneira	Greek	mythological figures			Metaneira			Metaneira — wife of Celeus, king of Eleusis.
		Greek	Kings						Eteocles, a king of Thebes and son of Oedipus; he and his brother Polynices killed each other
Τιτίας	Titias	Greek	Rustic deities			Titias	Τιτίας		Titias (Τιτίας)
	Hypsenor	Greek	mythological figures			Hypsenor			Hypsenor — The name of several mythological figures.
	Nemesis	Greek	mythological figures			Nemesis			Nemesis — Goddess of revenge.
Ἀπάτη	Apate	Greek	Spirits			Apate	Ἀπάτη	, spirit of deceit, guile, fraud and deception	Apate (Ἀπάτη), spirit of deceit, guile, fraud and deception
Βριζώ	Brizo	Greek	Sea deities			Brizo	Βριζώ	, patron goddess of sailors, who sent prophetic dreams	Brizo (Βριζώ), patron goddess of sailors, who sent prophetic dreams
Αἰγιαλεία	Aegiale	Greek	mythological figures			Aegiale	Αἰγιαλεία	 — unfaithful wife of Diomedes.	Aegiale (Αἰγιαλεία) — unfaithful wife of Diomedes.
		Greek	Kings						Cephalus, a king of Phocis who accidentally killed his own wife
		Greek	Kings						Rhesus, a king of Thrace who sided with Troy in the Trojan War
	Pallene	Greek	mythological figures			Pallene			Pallene — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Heroes						Bouzyges
	Miletus	Greek	mythological figures			Miletus			Miletus — A son of Apollo and founder of the city Miletus.
	Tegeates	Greek	mythological figures			Tegeates			Tegeates — founder of Tegea.
	Eleius	Greek	mythological figures			Eleius			Eleius — The name of several mythological figures.
	Cestrinus	Greek	mythological figures			Cestrinus			Cestrinus — Son of Helenus and Andromache.
	Olenus	Greek	mythological figures			Olenus			Olenus — The name of several mythological figures.
Παλικοί	The Palici	Greek	Rustic deities			The Palici	Παλικοί	, a pair of rustic gods who presided over the geysers and thermal springs in Sicily	The Palici (Παλικοί), a pair of rustic gods who presided over the geysers and thermal springs in Sicily
	Clinis	Greek	mythological figures			Clinis			Clinis — A Babylonian man, transformed into a bird.
Ἀλκιβίη	Alcibie	Greek	Amazons			Alcibie	Ἀλκιβίη	, an Amazonian warrior, killed by Diomedes at Troy	Alcibie (Ἀλκιβίη), an Amazonian warrior, killed by Diomedes at Troy
		Greek	Heroes						Castor, the mortal Dioscuri twin; after Castor's death, his immortal brother Pollux shared his divinity with him in order that they might remain together
Ῥέα	Rhea	Greek	Rustic deities			Rhea	Ῥέα	, the great mother and queen of the mountain wilds	Rhea (Ῥέα), the great mother and queen of the mountain wilds
Μολπή	Molpe	Greek	Sea deities			Molpe	Μολπή		Molpe (Μολπή)
		Greek	Notable women						Briseis, a princess of Lyrnessus, taken by Achilles as a war prize
Ἀλάβανδος	Alabandus	Greek	Deified mortals			Alabandus	Ἀλάβανδος	, he was the founder of the town of Alabanda	Alabandus (Ἀλάβανδος), he was the founder of the town of Alabanda
Ἀντίλοχος	Antilochus	Greek	mythological figures			Antilochus	Ἀντίλοχος	 — a son of Nestor who participated in the Trojan War.	Antilochus (Ἀντίλοχος) — a son of Nestor who participated in the Trojan War.
	Tlepolemus	Greek	mythological figures			Tlepolemus			Tlepolemus — A son of Heracles who fought in the Trojan War of the side of the Greeks.
Ποσειδῶν, Poseidōn	Poseidon	Greek	Deity			Poseidon	Ποσειδῶν, Poseidōn	 God of the sea, rivers, floods, droughts, and earthquakes. He is a son of Cronus and Rhea, and the brother of Zeus and Hades. He rules one of the three realms of the universe, as king of the sea and the waters. In art he is depicted as a mature man of sturdy build, often with a luxuriant beard, and holding a trident. His sacred animals include the horse and the dolphin. His wedding with Amphitrite is often presented as a triumphal procession. In some stories he rapes Medusa, leading to her transformation into a hideous Gorgon and also to the birth of their two children, Pegasus and Chrysaor. His Roman counterpart is Neptune.	Poseidon (Ποσειδῶν, Poseidōn) God of the sea, rivers, floods, droughts, and earthquakes. He is a son of Cronus and Rhea, and the brother of Zeus and Hades. He rules one of the three realms of the universe, as king of the sea and the waters. In art he is depicted as a mature man of sturdy build, often with a luxuriant beard, and holding a trident. His sacred animals include the horse and the dolphin. His wedding with Amphitrite is often presented as a triumphal procession. In some stories he rapes Medusa, leading to her transformation into a hideous Gorgon and also to the birth of their two children, Pegasus and Chrysaor. His Roman counterpart is Neptune.
Χείρων	Chiron	Greek	Rustic deities			Chiron	Χείρων	, the eldest and wisest of the Centaurs	Chiron (Χείρων), the eldest and wisest of the Centaurs
Ἀσκληπιός	Asclepius	Greek	Deified mortals			Asclepius	Ἀσκληπιός	, a Thessalian physician who was struck down by Zeus, to be later recovered by his father Apollo	Asclepius (Ἀσκληπιός), a Thessalian physician who was struck down by Zeus, to be later recovered by his father Apollo
Ὄνειροι	The Oneiroi	Greek	Spirits			The Oneiroi	Ὄνειροι	, spirits of dreams	The Oneiroi (Ὄνειροι), spirits of dreams
Θελξιόπη	Thelxiope	Greek	Sea deities			Thelxiope	Θελξιόπη	 or Thelxiepeia (Θελξιέπεια)	Thelxiope (Θελξιόπη) or Thelxiepeia (Θελξιέπεια)
		Greek	Kings						Amycus, son of Poseidon and king of the Bebryces
Πεισινόη	Peisinoe	Greek	Sea deities			Peisinoe	Πεισινόη	 or Peisithoe (Πεισιθόη)	Peisinoe (Πεισινόη) or Peisithoe (Πεισιθόη)
Πενία	Penia	Greek	Spirits			Penia	Πενία	, spirit of poverty and need	Penia (Πενία), spirit of poverty and need
Αλκυόνη	Alcyone	Greek	Sky deities			Alcyone	Αλκυόνη		Alcyone (Αλκυόνη)
	Penthilus	Greek	mythological figures			Penthilus			Penthilus — The name of several mythological figures.
Αἴσακος	Aesacus	Greek	mythological figures			Aesacus	Αἴσακος	 — son of Priam who was transformed into a bird.	Aesacus (Αἴσακος) — son of Priam who was transformed into a bird.
		Greek	Kings						Erechtheus, a king of Athens
Ὠρείθυια	Orithyia	Greek	mythological figures			Orithyia	Ὠρείθυια	 — an Athenian princess abducted by Boreas and made the goddess of cold, gusty mountain winds	Orithyia (Ὠρείθυια) — an Athenian princess abducted by Boreas and made the goddess of cold, gusty mountain winds
Ηγεμόνη	Hegemone	Greek	Other deities			Hegemone	Ηγεμόνη	 "mastery"	Hegemone (Ηγεμόνη) "mastery"
Ἀκταίων	Actaeon	Greek	mythological figures			Actaeon	Ἀκταίων	 — a hunter transformed into a stag by Artemis and devoured by his own hounds.	Actaeon (Ἀκταίων) — a hunter transformed into a stag by Artemis and devoured by his own hounds.
	Eurymedousa	Greek	mythological figures			Eurymedousa			Eurymedousa — The name of several mythological figures.
Σειρῆνες	The Sirens	Greek	Sea deities			The Sirens	Σειρῆνες	, sea nymphs who lured sailors to their death with their song	The Sirens (Σειρῆνες), sea nymphs who lured sailors to their death with their song
		Greek	Kings						Abas, a king of Argos
Αλεξιαρης and Ανικητος	Alexiares and Anicetus	Greek	Other deities			Alexiares and Anicetus	Αλεξιαρης and Ανικητος	, twin sons of Heracles who presided over the defence of fortified towns and citadels	Alexiares and Anicetus (Αλεξιαρης and Ανικητος), twin sons of Heracles who presided over the defence of fortified towns and citadels
Μενοίτιος (Menoítios)	Menoetius	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titan of violent anger, rash action, and human mortality. Killed by Zeus.
		Greek	Rustic deities						Ma, a local goddess at Comana in Cappadocia
Γλαῦκος	Glaucus	Greek	Sea deities			Glaucus	Γλαῦκος	, the fisherman's sea god and oracle	Glaucus (Γλαῦκος), the fisherman's sea god and oracle
	Chelone	Greek	mythological figures			Chelone			Chelone — changed into a tortoise by Hermes.
		Greek	Kings						Melampus, a legendary soothsayer and healer, and king of Argos
	Euryte	Greek	mythological figures			Euryte			Euryte — Daughter of Hippodamas.
Ἑρμάφρόδιτός	Hermaphroditus	Greek	Other deities			Hermaphroditus	Ἑρμάφρόδιτός	, god of hermaphrodites and effeminate men	Hermaphroditus (Ἑρμάφρόδιτός), god of hermaphrodites and effeminate men
Ὁρμή	Horme	Greek	Spirits			Horme	Ὁρμή	, spirit of impulse or effort (to do a thing), eagerness, setting oneself in motion, and starting an action	Horme (Ὁρμή), spirit of impulse or effort (to do a thing), eagerness, setting oneself in motion, and starting an action
		Greek	Kings						Ogygus, a king of Thebes
		Greek	Kings						Pylades, a king of Phocis and friend of Orestes
	Thestius	Greek	mythological figures			Thestius			Thestius — father of Iphicles.
		Greek	mythological figures						
	Myrtilus	Greek	mythological figures			Myrtilus			Myrtilus — charioteer of Oenomaus.
Αἰθαλίδης	Aethalides	Greek	mythological figures			Aethalides	Αἰθαλίδης	 — herald of the Argonauts.	Aethalides (Αἰθαλίδης) — herald of the Argonauts.
	Periphetes	Greek	mythological figures			Periphetes			Periphetes — The name of several mythological figures.
Τόννης	Tonnes	Greek	Rustic deities			Tonnes	Τόννης		Tonnes (Τόννης)
Ἀντέρως	Anteros	Greek	Spirits			Anteros	Ἀντέρως	, god of requited love	Anteros (Ἀντέρως), god of requited love
Προμηθεύς (Promētheús)	Prometheus	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titan of forethought and crafty counsel, and creator of mankind.
Δρυάδες	Dryades	Greek	Rustic deities			Dryades	Δρυάδες	, tree and forest nymphs	Dryades (Δρυάδες), tree and forest nymphs
Θελχτήρεια	Thelchtereia	Greek	Sea deities			Thelchtereia	Θελχτήρεια		Thelchtereia (Θελχτήρεια)
	Hyperippe	Greek	mythological figures			Hyperippe			Hyperippe — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀπορία	Aporia	Greek	Spirits			Aporia	Ἀπορία	, spirit of difficulty, perplexity, powerlessness, and want of means	Aporia (Ἀπορία), spirit of difficulty, perplexity, powerlessness, and want of means
Θάνατος	Thanatos	Greek	Chthonic deities			Thanatos	Θάνατος	, spirit of death and minister of Hades	Thanatos (Θάνατος), spirit of death and minister of Hades
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Ennomus, a Mysian seer, killed by Achilles during the Trojan War
Eὐσέβεια	Eusebeia	Greek	Spirits			Eusebeia	Eὐσέβεια	, spirit of piety, loyalty, duty, and filial respect	Eusebeia (Eὐσέβεια), spirit of piety, loyalty, duty, and filial respect
Κέρκοπες	The Cercopes	Greek	Rustic deities			The Cercopes	Κέρκοπες	, a pair of monkey-like thieves who plagued the land of Lydia in western Anatolia	The Cercopes (Κέρκοπες), a pair of monkey-like thieves who plagued the land of Lydia in western Anatolia
		Greek	Kings						Lycurgus of Arcadia, a king of Arcadia
Αμφικτυονίς	Amphictyonis	Greek	Rustic deities			Amphictyonis	Αμφικτυονίς	, goddess of wine and friendship between nations, a local form of Demeter	Amphictyonis (Αμφικτυονίς), goddess of wine and friendship between nations, a local form of Demeter
ᾍδης, Hádēs	Hades	Greek	Deity			Hades	ᾍδης, Hádēs	/Pluto (Πλούτων, Ploutōn) King of the underworld and the dead. God of wealth. His consort is Persephone. His attributes are the drinking horn or cornucopia, key, sceptre, and the three-headed dog Cerberus. His sacred animals include the screech owl. He was one of three sons of Cronus and Rhea, and thus sovereign over one of the three realms of the universe, the underworld. As a chthonic god, however, his place among the Olympians is ambiguous. In the mystery religions and Athenian literature, Plouton ("the Rich one") was his preferred name, because of the idea that all riches came from the earth. The term Hades was used in this literature to refer to the underworld itself. The Romans translated Plouton as Dis Pater ("the Rich Father") or Pluto.[8]	Hades (ᾍδης, Hádēs)/Pluto (Πλούτων, Ploutōn) King of the underworld and the dead. God of wealth. His consort is Persephone. His attributes are the drinking horn or cornucopia, key, sceptre, and the three-headed dog Cerberus. His sacred animals include the screech owl. He was one of three sons of Cronus and Rhea, and thus sovereign over one of the three realms of the universe, the underworld. As a chthonic god, however, his place among the Olympians is ambiguous. In the mystery religions and Athenian literature, Plouton ("the Rich one") was his preferred name, because of the idea that all riches came from the earth. The term Hades was used in this literature to refer to the underworld itself. The Romans translated Plouton as Dis Pater ("the Rich Father") or Pluto.[8]
	Phemius	Greek	mythological figures			Phemius			Phemius — An Ithacan poet who performs in the house of Odysseus.
Γύγης	Gyges	Greek	Gigantes			Gyges	Γύγης	, The Big-Limbed	Gyges (Γύγης), The Big-Limbed
	Hodoedocus	Greek	mythological figures			Hodoedocus			Hodoedocus — Son of Cynus, father of Oileus.
Ουρανός	Uranus	Greek	Sky deities			Uranus	Ουρανός	, primeval god of the heavens	Uranus (Ουρανός), primeval god of the heavens
Εἰλείθυια	Eileithyia	Greek	Other deities			Eileithyia	Εἰλείθυια	, goddess of childbirth	Eileithyia (Εἰλείθυια), goddess of childbirth
Άφρος	Aphros	Greek	Sea deities			Aphros	Άφρος	 "sea foam"	Aphros (Άφρος) "sea foam"
Πόλεμος	Polemos	Greek	Spirits			Polemos	Πόλεμος	, personification of war	Polemos (Πόλεμος), personification of war
Δέλφιν	Delphin	Greek	Sea deities			Delphin	Δέλφιν	, the leader of the dolphins, Poseidon placed him in the sky as the constellation Delphin	Delphin (Δέλφιν), the leader of the dolphins, Poseidon placed him in the sky as the constellation Delphin
Πασιθέα	Pasithea	Greek	Other deities			Pasithea	Πασιθέα	, goddess of rest and relaxation	Pasithea (Πασιθέα), goddess of rest and relaxation
Δημήτηρ, Dēmētēr	Demeter	Greek	Deity			Demeter	Δημήτηρ, Dēmētēr	 Goddess of grain, agriculture, harvest, growth, and nourishment. Demeter, whose Roman counterpart is Ceres, is a daughter of Cronus and Rhea, and was swallowed and then regurgitated by her father. She is a sister of Zeus, by whom she bore Persephone, who is also known as Kore, i.e. "the girl." One of the central myths associated with Demeter involves Hades' abduction of Persephone and Demeter's lengthy search for her. Demeter is one of the main deities of the Eleusinian Mysteries, in which the rites seemed to center around Demeter's search for and reunion with her daughter, which symbolized both the rebirth of crops in spring and the rebirth of the initiates after death. She is depicted as a mature woman, often crowned and holding sheafs of wheat and a torch.[6] Her symbols are the cornucopia, wheat-ears, the winged serpent, and the lotus staff. Her sacred animals include pigs and snakes.	Demeter (Δημήτηρ, Dēmētēr) Goddess of grain, agriculture, harvest, growth, and nourishment. Demeter, whose Roman counterpart is Ceres, is a daughter of Cronus and Rhea, and was swallowed and then regurgitated by her father. She is a sister of Zeus, by whom she bore Persephone, who is also known as Kore, i.e. "the girl." One of the central myths associated with Demeter involves Hades' abduction of Persephone and Demeter's lengthy search for her. Demeter is one of the main deities of the Eleusinian Mysteries, in which the rites seemed to center around Demeter's search for and reunion with her daughter, which symbolized both the rebirth of crops in spring and the rebirth of the initiates after death. She is depicted as a mature woman, often crowned and holding sheafs of wheat and a torch.[6] Her symbols are the cornucopia, wheat-ears, the winged serpent, and the lotus staff. Her sacred animals include pigs and snakes.
	Chrysippus	Greek	mythological figures			Chrysippus			Chrysippus — a divine hero of Elis
Ἀλήθεια	Aletheia	Greek	Spirits			Aletheia	Ἀλήθεια	, spirit of truth, truthfulness and sincerity	Aletheia (Ἀλήθεια), spirit of truth, truthfulness and sincerity
Κελμις	Kelmis	Greek	Rustic deities			Kelmis	Κελμις		Kelmis (Κελμις)
Κελαινώ	Celaeno	Greek	Sky deities			Celaeno	Κελαινώ		Celaeno (Κελαινώ)
Νερίτης	Nerites	Greek	Sea deities			Nerites	Νερίτης	, a sea spirit who was transformed into a shell-fish by Aphrodite	Nerites (Νερίτης), a sea spirit who was transformed into a shell-fish by Aphrodite
	Periphas	Greek	mythological figures			Periphas			Periphas — The name of several mythological figures.
	Orestheus	Greek	mythological figures			Orestheus			Orestheus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Cychreus	Greek	mythological figures			Cychreus			Cychreus — Son of Poseidon and Salamis.
Θαλλώ	Thallo	Greek	Rustic deities			Thallo	Θαλλώ	, goddess of spring buds and shoots, identified with Eirene	Thallo (Θαλλώ), goddess of spring buds and shoots, identified with Eirene
Ὀφίων (Ophíōn)	Ophion	Greek	The Twelve Titans						An elder Titan, in some versions of the myth he ruled the Earth with his consort Eurynome before Cronus overthrew him. Another account describes him as a snake, born from the "World Egg"
	Auge	Greek	mythological figures			Auge			Auge — mother of the hero Telephus.
Ημέρα	Hemera	Greek	Sky deities			Hemera	Ημέρα	, primeval goddess of the day	Hemera (Ημέρα), primeval goddess of the day
		Greek	Notable women						Niobe, a daughter of Tantalus who declared herself to be superior to Leto, causing Artemis and Apollo to kill her fourteen children
Ὀρεάδες	Oreades	Greek	Rustic deities			Oreades	Ὀρεάδες	, mountain nymphs	Oreades (Ὀρεάδες), mountain nymphs
	Phalanthus	Greek	mythological figures			Phalanthus			Phalanthus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Lophis	Greek	mythological figures			Lophis			Lophis — The young son of a Boeotian king.
Μάχαι	The Machai	Greek	Spirits			The Machai	Μάχαι	, spirits of fighting and combat	The Machai (Μάχαι), spirits of fighting and combat
Μούσαι	Muses	Greek	Other deities			Muses	Μούσαι	, goddesses of music, song and dance, and the source of inspiration to poets	Muses (Μούσαι), goddesses of music, song and dance, and the source of inspiration to poets
Δίκη	Dike	Greek	Spirits			Dike	Δίκη	, spirit of justice, fair judgement, and the rights established by custom and law	Dike (Δίκη), spirit of justice, fair judgement, and the rights established by custom and law
		Greek	Kings						Hyrieus, a king of Boeotia
		Greek	mythological figures						Briseis, a princess of Lyrnessus, taken by Achilles as a war prize
Ἄντικλος	Anticlus	Greek	mythological figures			Anticlus	Ἄντικλος	 — one of the Greek warriors who hid inside the Trojan Horse.	Anticlus (Ἄντικλος) — one of the Greek warriors who hid inside the Trojan Horse.
	Memphis	Greek	mythological figures			Memphis			Memphis — eponym of Memphis, Egypt.
		Greek	Kings						Diomedes, a king of Argos and hero of the Trojan War
	Halaesus	Greek	mythological figures			Halaesus			Halaesus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Orchomenus	Greek	mythological figures			Orchomenus			Orchomenus — The name of several mythological figures.
Πάν	Pan	Greek	Rustic deities			Pan	Πάν	, god of shepherds, pastures, and fertility	Pan (Πάν), god of shepherds, pastures, and fertility
Άνθεια	Antheia	Greek	Other deities			Antheia	Άνθεια	, goddess of flowers and flowery wreaths	Antheia (Άνθεια), goddess of flowers and flowery wreaths
Ποταμοί	Potamoi	Greek	Rustic deities			Potamoi	Ποταμοί	, river gods	Potamoi (Ποταμοί), river gods
	Caucon	Greek	mythological figures			Caucon			Caucon — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀλκάθοος	Alcathous	Greek	mythological figures			Alcathous	Ἀλκάθοος	— the name of several mythological figures.	Alcathous (Ἀλκάθοος)— the name of several mythological figures.
Ἀκεσώ	Aceso	Greek	Agricultural deities			Aceso	Ἀκεσώ	, goddess of the healing of wounds and the curing of illnesses	Aceso (Ἀκεσώ), goddess of the healing of wounds and the curing of illnesses
Μαία	Maia	Greek	Sky deities			Maia	Μαία		Maia (Μαία)
	Hippothoe	Greek	mythological figures			Hippothoe			Hippothoe — The name of several mythological figures.
	Callithyia	Greek	mythological figures			Callithyia			Callithyia — The first priestess of Hera.
	Thestor	Greek	mythological figures			Thestor			Thestor — The name of several mythological figures.
Χάρων	Charon	Greek	Chthonic deities			Charon	Χάρων	, ferryman of Hades	Charon (Χάρων), ferryman of Hades
Λαιστρυγόνες	The Laestrygonians	Greek	Gigantes			The Laestrygonians	Λαιστρυγόνες	, a tribe of man-eating giants encountered by Odysseus on his travels	The Laestrygonians (Λαιστρυγόνες), a tribe of man-eating giants encountered by Odysseus on his travels
	Electryone	Greek	mythological figures			Electryone			Electryone — A daughter of Helios and Rhode.
		Greek	Heroes						Theseus, son of Poseidon and a king of Athens and slayer of the Minotaur
Ἐρινύες	Erinyes	Greek	Chthonic deities			Erinyes	Ἐρινύες	, the Furies, goddesses of retribution, known as "The Kindly Ones"	Erinyes (Ἐρινύες), the Furies, goddesses of retribution, known as "The Kindly Ones"
	Bormus	Greek	mythological figures			Bormus			Bormus — A Mariandynian youth abducted by nymphs.
Σκελμις	Skelmis	Greek	Sea deities			Skelmis	Σκελμις		Skelmis (Σκελμις)
		Greek	Kings						Phoenix, son of Agenor, founder-king of Phoenicia
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Halitherses, an Ithacan seer who warned Penelope's suitors of Odysseus' return
	Eurydice	Greek	mythological figures			Eurydice			Eurydice — The wife of Orpheus.
		Greek	mythological figures						
		Greek	Kings						Talaus, a king of Argos who sailed with the Argonauts
	Iole	Greek	mythological figures			Iole			Iole — Daughter of Eurytus.
Μελανίππη	Melanippe	Greek	Amazons			Melanippe	Μελανίππη	, a daughter of Ares and sister of Hippolyta and Antiope	Melanippe (Μελανίππη), a daughter of Ares and sister of Hippolyta and Antiope
Περσεφόνη	Persephone	Greek	Agricultural deities			Persephone	Περσεφόνη	, queen of the underworld, wife of Hades and goddess of spring growth	Persephone (Περσεφόνη), queen of the underworld, wife of Hades and goddess of spring growth
		Greek	Kings						Dardanus, founder-king of Dardania, and son of Zeus and Electra
 Ζῆλος	Zelos	Greek	Spirits			Zelos	 Ζῆλος	, spirit of eager rivalry, emulation, envy, jealousy, and zeal	Zelos ( Ζῆλος), spirit of eager rivalry, emulation, envy, jealousy, and zeal
	Xanthus	Greek	mythological figures			Xanthus			Xanthus — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Oeneus, a king of Calydon
Ἁρποκράτης	Harpocrates	Greek	Other deities			Harpocrates	Ἁρποκράτης	, god of silence	Harpocrates (Ἁρποκράτης), god of silence
	Ormenus	Greek	mythological figures			Ormenus			Ormenus — The name of several mythological figures.
Αἴθιλλα or Αἴθυλλα	Aethilla	Greek	mythological figures			Aethilla	Αἴθιλλα or Αἴθυλλα	 — sister of Priam, king of Troy.	Aethilla (Αἴθιλλα or Αἴθυλλα) — sister of Priam, king of Troy.
Αίγυπτος	Aegyptus	Greek	Kings			Aegyptus	Αίγυπτος	, a king of Egypt	Aegyptus (Αίγυπτος), a king of Egypt
		Greek	Heroes						Chrysippus, a divine hero of Elis
		Greek	mythological figures						
	Eioneus	Greek	mythological figures			Eioneus			Eioneus — The name of several mythological figures.
Άλκηστις	Alcestis	Greek	Notable women			Alcestis	Άλκηστις	, daughter of Pelias and wife of Admetus, who was known for her devotion to her husband	Alcestis (Άλκηστις), daughter of Pelias and wife of Admetus, who was known for her devotion to her husband
Θοων	Thoas/Thoon	Greek	Gigantes			Thoas/Thoon	Θοων	, he was killed by the Moirai.	Thoas/Thoon (Θοων), he was killed by the Moirai.
Kακία	Kakia	Greek	Spirits			Kakia	Kακία	, spirit of vice and moral badness	Kakia (Kακία), spirit of vice and moral badness
	Chalcodon	Greek	mythological figures			Chalcodon			Chalcodon — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Notable women						Electra, daughter of Agamemnon and Clytemnestra, she aided her brother Orestes in plotting revenge against their mother for the murder of their father
Ἥφαιστος, Hḗphaistos	Hephaestus	Greek	Deity			Hephaestus	Ἥφαιστος, Hḗphaistos	 God of fire, metalworking, and crafts. Either the son of Zeus and Hera or Hera alone, he is the smith of the gods and the husband of the adulterous Aphrodite. He was usually depicted as a bearded, crippled man with hammer, tongs, and anvil, and sometimes riding a donkey. His sacred animals include the donkey, the guard dog, and the crane. Among his creations was the armor of Achilles. Hephaestus used the fire of the forge as a creative force, but his Roman counterpart Vulcan was feared for his destructive potential and associated with the volcanic power of the earth.	Hephaestus (Ἥφαιστος, Hḗphaistos) God of fire, metalworking, and crafts. Either the son of Zeus and Hera or Hera alone, he is the smith of the gods and the husband of the adulterous Aphrodite. He was usually depicted as a bearded, crippled man with hammer, tongs, and anvil, and sometimes riding a donkey. His sacred animals include the donkey, the guard dog, and the crane. Among his creations was the armor of Achilles. Hephaestus used the fire of the forge as a creative force, but his Roman counterpart Vulcan was feared for his destructive potential and associated with the volcanic power of the earth.
	Oenone	Greek	mythological figures			Oenone			Oenone — The first wife of Paris, whom he abandoned in favour of Helen.
Κέρβερος	Cerberus	Greek	Chthonic deities			Cerberus	Κέρβερος	, the three-headed hound who guarded the gates of Hades	Cerberus (Κέρβερος), the three-headed hound who guarded the gates of Hades
	Coresus	Greek	mythological figures			Coresus			Coresus — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀνία	Ania	Greek	Spirits			Ania	Ἀνία	 "ache, anguish"	Ania (Ἀνία) "ache, anguish"
	Crino	Greek	mythological figures			Crino			Crino — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀχαιός	Achaeus	Greek	mythological figures			Achaeus	Ἀχαιός	 — progenitor of the Achaeans.	Achaeus (Ἀχαιός) — progenitor of the Achaeans.
Younger	Cyclopes	Greek	Gigantes			Cyclopes	Younger	, a tribe of one-eyed, man-eating giants who herded flocks of sheep on the island of Sicily	Cyclopes (Younger), a tribe of one-eyed, man-eating giants who herded flocks of sheep on the island of Sicily
Κρότος	Krotos	Greek	Rustic deities			Krotos	Κρότος	, a great hunter and musician who kept the company of the Muses on Mount Helicon	Krotos (Κρότος), a great hunter and musician who kept the company of the Muses on Mount Helicon
Ποδάργη	Podarge	Greek	Sea deities			Podarge	Ποδάργη	 or Podarke (Ποδάρκη)	Podarge (Ποδάργη) or Podarke (Ποδάρκη)
		Greek	Heroes						Orpheus, a legendary musician and poet who attempted to retrieve his dead wife from the Underworld
Είαρ	Eiar	Greek	Rustic deities			Eiar	Είαρ	, spring	Eiar (Είαρ), spring
Χρυσόθεμις	Chrysothemis	Greek	Agricultural deities			Chrysothemis	Χρυσόθεμις	, goddess of the "Golden Custom", a harvest festival, daughter of Demeter and Carmanor	Chrysothemis (Χρυσόθεμις), goddess of the "Golden Custom", a harvest festival, daughter of Demeter and Carmanor
	Perigune	Greek	mythological figures			Perigune			Perigune — Daughter of Sinis and lover of Theseus.
Ἀνδρόγεως	Androgeus	Greek	mythological figures			Androgeus	Ἀνδρόγεως	 — a son of Minos, king of Crete.	Androgeus (Ἀνδρόγεως) — a son of Minos, king of Crete.
	Comaetho	Greek	mythological figures			Comaetho			Comaetho — The name of several mythological figures.
Θάλεια	Thalia	Greek	Other deities			Thalia	Θάλεια	, muse of comedy and bucolic poetry	Thalia (Θάλεια), muse of comedy and bucolic poetry
Ἰφιτώ	Iphito	Greek	Amazons			Iphito	Ἰφιτώ	, an Amazon who served under Hippolyta	Iphito (Ἰφιτώ), an Amazon who served under Hippolyta
Αίγυπτος	Aegyptus	Greek	mythological figures			Aegyptus	Αίγυπτος	, a king of Egypt	Aegyptus (Αίγυπτος), a king of Egypt
Δαίμονες Κεραμικοί	Daemones Ceramici	Greek	Other deities			Daemones Ceramici	Δαίμονες Κεραμικοί	, five malevolent spirits who plagued the craftsman potter	Daemones Ceramici (Δαίμονες Κεραμικοί), five malevolent spirits who plagued the craftsman potter
Μοίραι	The Moirai, or "Fates"	Greek	Spirits			The Moirai, or "Fates"	Μοίραι		The Moirai, or "Fates" (Μοίραι)
		Greek	Kings						Ceisus, a king of Argos
	Haemon	Greek	mythological figures			Haemon			Haemon — Son of Creon and Eurydice.
	Rhadine and Leontichus	Greek	mythological figures			Rhadine and Leontichus			Rhadine and Leontichus — Star-crossed lovers.
Ωκυπέτη	Ocypete	Greek	Sea deities			Ocypete	Ωκυπέτη	 or Ocypode (Ωκυπόδη) or Ocythoe (Ωκυθόη)	Ocypete (Ωκυπέτη) or Ocypode (Ωκυπόδη) or Ocythoe (Ωκυθόη)
Ἀναξαγόρας	Anaxagoras	Greek	mythological figures			Anaxagoras	Ἀναξαγόρας	, a king of Argos	Anaxagoras (Ἀναξαγόρας), a king of Argos
Πίστις	Pistis	Greek	Spirits			Pistis	Πίστις	, spirit of trust, honesty, and good faith	Pistis (Πίστις), spirit of trust, honesty, and good faith
		Greek	Kings						Corinthus, founder-king of Corinth
Νηρέας	Nereus	Greek	Sea deities			Nereus	Νηρέας	, the old man of the sea, and the god of the sea's rich bounty of fish	Nereus (Νηρέας), the old man of the sea, and the god of the sea's rich bounty of fish
Αἵπυτος	Aepytus	Greek	mythological figures			Aepytus	Αἵπυτος	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Aepytus (Αἵπυτος) — the name of several mythological figures.
	Coronis	Greek	mythological figures			Coronis			Coronis — The name of several mythological figures.
Λήλαντος (Lēlantos)	Lelantos	Greek	The Twelve Titans						The Titan father of the nymph Aura
	Telegonus	Greek	mythological figures			Telegonus			Telegonus — Son of Circe and Odysseus.
Ἄνθος	Anthus	Greek	mythological figures			Anthus	Ἄνθος	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Anthus (Ἄνθος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Φιλοφροσύνη	Philophrosyne	Greek	Spirits			Philophrosyne	Φιλοφροσύνη	, spirit of friendliness, kindness, and welcome	Philophrosyne (Φιλοφροσύνη), spirit of friendliness, kindness, and welcome
	Syme	Greek	mythological figures			Syme			Syme — Eponym of the island Syme.
		Greek	Kings						Aeson, father of Jason and rightful king of Iolcus, whose throne was usurped by his half-brother Pelias
Ἀλκιδίκη	Alcidice	Greek	mythological figures			Alcidice	Ἀλκιδίκη	 — wife of Salmoneus, king of Elis.	Alcidice (Ἀλκιδίκη) — wife of Salmoneus, king of Elis.
Δέσποινη	Despoina	Greek	Agricultural deities			Despoina	Δέσποινη	, daughter of Poseidon and Demeter, goddess of mysteries in Arcadia	Despoina (Δέσποινη), daughter of Poseidon and Demeter, goddess of mysteries in Arcadia
Αιακός	Aeacus	Greek	Kings			Aeacus	Αιακός	, a king of the island of Aegina in the Saronic Gulf; after he died, he became one of the three judges of the dead in the Underworld	Aeacus (Αιακός), a king of the island of Aegina in the Saronic Gulf; after he died, he became one of the three judges of the dead in the Underworld
Ἰαπετός (Iapetós)	Iapetus	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titan of mortality and father of Prometheus, Epimetheus, Menoetius, and Atlas.
Ἀντινόη	Antinoe	Greek	mythological figures			Antinoe	Ἀντινόη	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Antinoe (Ἀντινόη) — the name of several mythological figures.
Θελξινόη	Thelxinoe	Greek	Other deities			Thelxinoe	Θελξινόη	, muse "charmer of minds"	Thelxinoe (Θελξινόη), muse "charmer of minds"
Γαλήνη	Galene	Greek	Sea deities			Galene	Γαλήνη	, goddess of calm seas	Galene (Γαλήνη), goddess of calm seas
Μίνως	Minos	Greek	Deified mortals			Minos	Μίνως	, a king of Crete, appointed as a Judge of the Dead in the Underworld after his death	Minos (Μίνως), a king of Crete, appointed as a Judge of the Dead in the Underworld after his death
	Demophon of Eleusis	Greek	mythological figures			Demophon of Eleusis			Demophon of Eleusis — A son of Celeus, king of Eleusis, whom Demeter attempted and failed to immortalise.
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Manto, seer and daughter of Tiresias
	Buphagus	Greek	mythological figures			Buphagus			Buphagus — A son of Iapetus.
	Dictys	Greek	mythological figures			Dictys			Dictys — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀηδών	Aëdon	Greek	mythological figures			Aëdon	Ἀηδών	 — daughter of Pandareus, changed into a nightingale.	Aëdon (Ἀηδών) — daughter of Pandareus, changed into a nightingale.
	Dryas	Greek	mythological figures			Dryas			Dryas — The name of several mythological figures.
Χθονιος	Chthonius	Greek	Gigantes			Chthonius	Χθονιος	.	Chthonius (Χθονιος).
Ἀμηχανία	Amechania	Greek	Spirits			Amechania	Ἀμηχανία	, spirit of helplessness and want of means	Amechania (Ἀμηχανία), spirit of helplessness and want of means
	Thersites	Greek	mythological figures			Thersites			Thersites — A soldier of the Greek army during the Trojan War.
	Bienor	Greek	mythological figures			Bienor			Bienor — The name of several mythological figures.
	Ornytion	Greek	mythological figures			Ornytion			Ornytion — A son of Sisyphus and ruler over Corinth.
		Greek	Kings						Cepheus, a king of Tegea and an Argonaut
Ἀοιδή	Aoide	Greek	Other deities			Aoide	Ἀοιδή	, muse of song	Aoide (Ἀοιδή), muse of song
	Telemachus	Greek	mythological figures			Telemachus			Telemachus — Son of Odysseus and Penelope, and a central character in the Odyssey.
Ραίδνη	Raidne	Greek	Sea deities			Raidne	Ραίδνη		Raidne (Ραίδνη)
	Sthenele	Greek	mythological figures			Sthenele			Sthenele — The name of several mythological figures.
Αλκων	Alkon	Greek	Rustic deities			Alkon	Αλκων		Alkon (Αλκων)
Αχέλους	Achelous	Greek	Rustic deities			Achelous	Αχέλους		Achelous (Αχέλους)
		Greek	Kings						Agasthenes, a king of Elis
Μεσημβρία	Mesembria	Greek	Rustic deities			Mesembria	Μεσημβρία	, noon	Mesembria (Μεσημβρία), noon
Ἀμφιθέα	Amphithea	Greek	mythological figures			Amphithea	Ἀμφιθέα	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Amphithea (Ἀμφιθέα) — the name of several mythological figures.
		Animals							Solenodon
Νίκη	Nike	Greek	Spirits			Nike	Νίκη	, goddess of victory	Nike (Νίκη), goddess of victory
Καρπώ	Karpo	Greek	Rustic deities			Karpo	Καρπώ	, goddess of the fruits of the earth	Karpo (Καρπώ), goddess of the fruits of the earth
Εύρος	Eurus	Greek	Sky deities			Eurus	Εύρος	, god of the unlucky east or southeast wind	Eurus (Εύρος), god of the unlucky east or southeast wind
Ὠρείθυια	Orithyia	Greek	Amazons			Orithyia	Ὠρείθυια	, an Amazon queen	Orithyia (Ὠρείθυια), an Amazon queen
Δικαιοσύνη	Dikaiosyne	Greek	Spirits			Dikaiosyne	Δικαιοσύνη	, spirit of justice and righteousness	Dikaiosyne (Δικαιοσύνη), spirit of justice and righteousness
		Greek	mythological figures						
	Melantho	Greek	mythological figures			Melantho			Melantho — A disloyal servant of Penelope.
Ποσειδῶν	Poseidon	Greek	Sea deities			Poseidon	Ποσειδῶν	, king of the sea and lord of the sea gods; also god of rivers, flood and drought, earthquakes, and horses	Poseidon (Ποσειδῶν), king of the sea and lord of the sea gods; also god of rivers, flood and drought, earthquakes, and horses
Ἔρως (Eros)	Eros	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The god of love and attraction.
		Greek	Kings						Oebalus, a king of Sparta
Αγήνωρ	Agenor	Greek	Kings			Agenor	Αγήνωρ	, a king of Phoenicia	Agenor (Αγήνωρ), a king of Phoenicia
	Lethaea	Greek	mythological figures			Lethaea			Lethaea — A woman turned into stone for her vanity.
	Clytie	Greek	mythological figures			Clytie			Clytie — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Celeus, a king of Eleusis
	Chrysothemis	Greek	mythological figures			Chrysothemis			Chrysothemis — The name of several mythological figures.
Aiolos	Aeolus	Greek	Sky deities			Aeolus	Aiolos	 (Αίολος), god of the winds.	Aeolus (Aiolos) (Αίολος), god of the winds.
Καλοκαγαθία	Kalokagathia	Greek	Spirits			Kalokagathia	Καλοκαγαθία	, spirit of nobility	Kalokagathia (Καλοκαγαθία), spirit of nobility
Σθεννώ	Stheno	Greek	Sea deities			Stheno	Σθεννώ		Stheno (Σθεννώ)
Αελλώ	Aello	Greek	Sea deities			Aello	Αελλώ	 or Aellope (Αελλώπη) or Aellopous (Αελλόπους)	Aello (Αελλώ) or Aellope (Αελλώπη) or Aellopous (Αελλόπους)
Ἔμπουσα	Empusa	Greek	Chthonic deities			Empusa	Ἔμπουσα	, a monstrous underworld spirit or spirits with flaming hair, the leg of a goat and a leg of bronze. They are also servants of Hecate.	Empusa (Ἔμπουσα), a monstrous underworld spirit or spirits with flaming hair, the leg of a goat and a leg of bronze. They are also servants of Hecate.
Ἀμφιδάμας	Amphidamas	Greek	mythological figures			Amphidamas	Ἀμφιδάμας	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Amphidamas (Ἀμφιδάμας) — the name of several mythological figures.
Ἀερόπη	Aërope	Greek	mythological figures			Aërope	Ἀερόπη	— the name of several mythological figures.	Aërope (Ἀερόπη)— the name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Rustic deities						The goddesses of welfare
Στιλβών	Stilbon	Greek	Sky deities			Stilbon	Στιλβών	, god of Hermaon, the planet Mercury	Stilbon (Στιλβών), god of Hermaon, the planet Mercury
Φαέννα	Phaenna	Greek	Other deities			Phaenna	Φαέννα	 "the shining"	Phaenna (Φαέννα) "the shining"
	Pharis	Greek	mythological figures			Pharis			Pharis — A son of Hermes and founder of Pharae in Messene.
Αμφιτρίτη	Amphitrite	Greek	Sea deities			Amphitrite	Αμφιτρίτη	, sea goddess and consort of Poseidon	Amphitrite (Αμφιτρίτη), sea goddess and consort of Poseidon
Πτωχεία	Ptocheia	Greek	Spirits			Ptocheia	Πτωχεία	, spirit of beggary	Ptocheia (Πτωχεία), spirit of beggary
Αἰγιαλεύς	Aegialeus	Greek	mythological figures			Aegialeus	Αἰγιαλεύς	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Aegialeus (Αἰγιαλεύς) — the name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	mythological figures						Thrace, the daughter of Oceanus and Parthenope, and sister of Europa
Διόσκουροι	The Dioscuri	Greek	Deified mortals			The Dioscuri	Διόσκουροι	, divine twins	The Dioscuri (Διόσκουροι), divine twins
	Hyrmine	Greek	mythological figures			Hyrmine			Hyrmine — The wife of Phorbas.
Elder	Cyclopes	Greek	Gigantes			Cyclopes	Elder	, three one-eyed giants who forged the lightning-bolts of Zeus, Trident of Poseidon and Helmet of Hades	Cyclopes (Elder), three one-eyed giants who forged the lightning-bolts of Zeus, Trident of Poseidon and Helmet of Hades
	Harpalyce	Greek	mythological figures			Harpalyce			Harpalyce — The name of several mythological figures.
Λύκος	Lycos	Greek	Sea deities			Lycos	Λύκος	 or Lyktos (Λύκτος)	Lycos (Λύκος) or Lyktos (Λύκτος)
	Physadeia	Greek	mythological figures			Physadeia			Physadeia — The name of several mythological figures.
	Machaon	Greek	mythological figures			Machaon			Machaon — A physician and son of Asclepius who fought on the side of the Greeks in the Trojan War.
		Greek	Kings						Melanthus, a king of Messenia
Βριάρεως	Briareus	Greek	Gigantes			Briareus	Βριάρεως	 or Aigaion (Αἰγαίων), The Vigorous	Briareus (Βριάρεως) or Aigaion (Αἰγαίων), The Vigorous
Μακελώ	Makelo	Greek	Sea deities			Makelo	Μακελώ		Makelo (Μακελώ)
		Greek	Kings						Phlegyas, a king of the Lapiths
	Chione, daughter of Callirrhoe	Greek	mythological figures			Chione, daughter of Callirrhoe			Chione, daughter of Callirrhoe — A woman transformed by Hermes into a snow cloud.
Ἡδονή	Hedone	Greek	Spirits			Hedone	Ἡδονή	, spirit of pleasure, enjoyment, and delight	Hedone (Ἡδονή), spirit of pleasure, enjoyment, and delight
	Neoptolemus	Greek	mythological figures			Neoptolemus			Neoptolemus — A son of Achilles.
		Greek	Kings						Phoroneus, a king of Argos
	Ion	Greek	mythological figures			Ion			Ion — Son of Apollo and Creusa, wife of Xuthus.
Αστρα Πλανετοι	The Astra Planeti	Greek	Sky deities			The Astra Planeti	Αστρα Πλανετοι	, gods of the five wandering stars or planets	The Astra Planeti (Αστρα Πλανετοι), gods of the five wandering stars or planets
	Daedalion	Greek	mythological figures			Daedalion			Daedalion — A man transformed by Apollo into a hawk.
	Stentor	Greek	mythological figures			Stentor			Stentor — A herald of the Greek forces during the Trojan War.
	Broteas	Greek	mythological figures			Broteas			Broteas — A son of Tantalus.
	Sidero	Greek	mythological figures			Sidero			Sidero — Stepmother of Tyro.
	Henioche	Greek	mythological figures			Henioche			Henioche — The name of several mythological figures.
	Bianna	Greek	mythological figures			Bianna			Bianna — A Cretan woman who migrated to Gaul and disappeared in a chasm of the earth.
	Canethus	Greek	mythological figures			Canethus			Canethus — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀεργία	Aergia	Greek	Spirits			Aergia	Ἀεργία	, spirit of idleness, laziness, indolence and sloth	Aergia (Ἀεργία), spirit of idleness, laziness, indolence and sloth
		Greek	Notable women						Pandora, the first woman
Εφιάλτης	Ephialtes	Greek	Gigantes			Ephialtes	Εφιάλτης		Ephialtes (Εφιάλτης)
	Scylaceus	Greek	mythological figures			Scylaceus			Scylaceus — A Lycian ally of the Trojans.
	Nireus	Greek	mythological figures			Nireus			Nireus — An Achaean leader during the Trojan War, renowned for his beauty.
Αἰθήρ (Aithḗr)	Aether	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The god of light and the upper atmosphere.
	Mysius	Greek	mythological figures			Mysius			Mysius — An Argive who offered hospitality to Demeter.
Ιχθυοκένταυροι	The Ichthyocentaurs	Greek	Sea deities			The Ichthyocentaurs	Ιχθυοκένταυροι	, a race of centaurine sea-gods with the upper bodies of men, the lower fore-parts of horses, ending in the serpentine tails of fish	The Ichthyocentaurs (Ιχθυοκένταυροι), a race of centaurine sea-gods with the upper bodies of men, the lower fore-parts of horses, ending in the serpentine tails of fish
Ἀχελωΐς	Achelois	Greek	Sky deities			Achelois	Ἀχελωΐς	, "she who washes pain away", a minor moon goddess	Achelois (Ἀχελωΐς), "she who washes pain away", a minor moon goddess
Χάος	Chaos	Greek	Sky deities			Chaos	Χάος	, the nothingness from which all else sprang, she also represented the lower atmosphere which surrounded the earth	Chaos (Χάος), the nothingness from which all else sprang, she also represented the lower atmosphere which surrounded the earth
Ἀλόπη	Alope	Greek	mythological figures			Alope	Ἀλόπη	 — a woman seduced by Poseidon in the form of a kingfisher.	Alope (Ἀλόπη) — a woman seduced by Poseidon in the form of a kingfisher.
		Greek	Kings						Hippothoön, a king of Eleusis
Ἀνταῖος	Antaeus	Greek	Gigantes			Antaeus	Ἀνταῖος	, a Libyan giant who wrestled all visitors to the death until he was slain by Heracles	Antaeus (Ἀνταῖος), a Libyan giant who wrestled all visitors to the death until he was slain by Heracles
	Patroclus	Greek	mythological figures			Patroclus			Patroclus — A comrade of Achilles who was killed by Hector during the Trojan War.
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Polyeidos, a Corinthian seer who saved the life of Glaucus
Όννης	Onnes	Greek	Rustic deities			Onnes	Όννης		Onnes (Όννης)
	Melanippus	Greek	mythological figures			Melanippus			Melanippus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Chrysanthis	Greek	mythological figures			Chrysanthis			Chrysanthis — A woman who told Demeter of the abduction of Persephone.
	Melite	Greek	mythological figures			Melite			Melite — An eponymous heroine of a deme in Attica.
Αστεριος	Asterius	Greek	Gigantes			Asterius	Αστεριος	, a Lydian giant.	Asterius (Αστεριος), a Lydian giant.
Ερατώ	Erato	Greek	Other deities			Erato	Ερατώ	, muse of lyric poetry	Erato (Ερατώ), muse of lyric poetry
Αριάδνη	Ariadne	Greek	Deified mortals			Ariadne	Αριάδνη	, a Cretan princess who became the immortal wife of Dionysus	Ariadne (Αριάδνη), a Cretan princess who became the immortal wife of Dionysus
	Dorus	Greek	mythological figures			Dorus			Dorus — Progenitor of the Dorians.
		Greek	Other deities						Titan Muses, daughters of Uranus and Gaia
	Praxithea	Greek	mythological figures			Praxithea			Praxithea — The name of several mythological figures.
		Animals							Grayling
Σύντριβος	Syntribos	Greek	Other deities			Syntribos	Σύντριβος	, the shatterer	Syntribos (Σύντριβος), the shatterer
	Cleobule	Greek	mythological figures			Cleobule			Cleobule — The name of several mythological figures.
Χιόνη	Chione	Greek	Sky deities			Chione	Χιόνη	, goddess of snow and daughter of Boreas	Chione (Χιόνη), goddess of snow and daughter of Boreas
Μέθη	Methe	Greek	Rustic deities			Methe	Μέθη	, nymph of drunkenness	Methe (Μέθη), nymph of drunkenness
	Phyllis	Greek	mythological figures			Phyllis			Phyllis — wife of Demophon of Athens.
	Phaëton	Greek	mythological figures			Phaëton			Phaëton — A son of Helios who lost control of his father's sun chariot and was struck down by Zeus to prevent disaster.
	Deiphobus	Greek	mythological figures			Deiphobus			Deiphobus — A son of Priam and Hecuba who fought in the Trojan War.
	Lapithes	Greek	mythological figures			Lapithes			Lapithes — eponym of the Lapiths.
	Philoctetes	Greek	mythological figures			Philoctetes			Philoctetes — A famed archer who participated in the Trojan War.
	Harpalycus	Greek	mythological figures			Harpalycus			Harpalycus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Guneus	Greek	mythological figures			Guneus			Guneus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Astynome	Greek	mythological figures			Astynome			Astynome — The name of several mythological figures.
not to be confused with the hero Heracles	Heracles	Greek	Rustic deities			Heracles	not to be confused with the hero Heracles		Heracles (not to be confused with the hero Heracles)
		Greek	Kings						Sarpedon, a king of Lycia and son of Zeus who fought on the side of the Greeks during the Trojan War
Πεπρωμένη	Pepromene	Greek	Spirits			Pepromene	Πεπρωμένη	, personification of the destined share, similar to Heimarmene	Pepromene (Πεπρωμένη), personification of the destined share, similar to Heimarmene
	Hyperes	Greek	mythological figures			Hyperes			Hyperes — The name of several mythological figures.
	Hyacinthus of Lacedaemon	Greek	mythological figures			Hyacinthus of Lacedaemon			Hyacinthus of Lacedaemon — father of four daughters who were sacrificed to avert plague.
		Greek	Heroes						Diomedes, a king of Argos and hero of the Trojan War
	Ereuthalion	Greek	mythological figures			Ereuthalion			Ereuthalion — The name of several mythological figures.
	Halirrhothius	Greek	mythological figures			Halirrhothius			Halirrhothius — A son of Poseidon who was killed by Ares.
	Capys	Greek	mythological figures			Capys			Capys — The name of several mythological figures.
	Evippus	Greek	mythological figures			Evippus			Evippus — The name of several mythological figures.
	Bura	Greek	mythological figures			Bura			Bura — A daughter of Ion.
Γοργόνες	Gorgons	Greek	Sea deities			Gorgons	Γοργόνες	, three monstrous sea spirits	Gorgons (Γοργόνες), three monstrous sea spirits
	Polymele	Greek	mythological figures			Polymele			Polymele — The name of several mythological figures.
Αἰακός	Aiakos	Greek	Deified mortals			Aiakos	Αἰακός	, a king of Aegina, appointed as a Judge of the Dead in the Underworld after his death	Aiakos (Αἰακός), a king of Aegina, appointed as a Judge of the Dead in the Underworld after his death
Αντίμαχος	Antimachus	Greek	mythological figures			Antimachus	Αντίμαχος	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Antimachus (Αντίμαχος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Ἄρτεμις, Ártemis	Artemis	Greek	Deity			Artemis	Ἄρτεμις, Ártemis	 Virgin goddess of the hunt, wilderness, animals, young girls, childbirth, and plague. In later times, Artemis became associated with bows and arrows. She is the daughter of Zeus and Leto, and twin sister of Apollo. In art she is often depicted as a young woman dressed in a short knee-length chiton and equipped with a hunting bow and a quiver of arrows. Her attributes include hunting spears, animal pelts, deer and other wild animals. Her sacred animals include deer, bears, and wild boars. Her Roman counterpart is Diana.[4]	Artemis (Ἄρτεμις, Ártemis) Virgin goddess of the hunt, wilderness, animals, young girls, childbirth, and plague. In later times, Artemis became associated with bows and arrows. She is the daughter of Zeus and Leto, and twin sister of Apollo. In art she is often depicted as a young woman dressed in a short knee-length chiton and equipped with a hunting bow and a quiver of arrows. Her attributes include hunting spears, animal pelts, deer and other wild animals. Her sacred animals include deer, bears, and wild boars. Her Roman counterpart is Diana.[4]
	Maeon	Greek	mythological figures			Maeon			Maeon — The name of several mythological figures.
Mνημοσύνη (Mnēmosýnē)	Mnemosyne	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of memory and remembrance, and mother of the Nine Muses.
		Greek	Other deities						
		Greek							
Ιχναία	Ichnaea	Greek	Other deities			Ichnaea	Ιχναία	, goddess of tracking	Ichnaea (Ιχναία), goddess of tracking
		Greek	Heroes						Eleusis, eponymous hero of the town of Eleusis
	Thespius	Greek	mythological figures			Thespius			Thespius — founder-king of Thespiae Boeotia.
		Greek	Kings						Makedon, a king of Macedon
	Perimedes	Greek	mythological figures			Perimedes			Perimedes — The name of several mythological figures.
Σαβάκτης	Sabaktes	Greek	Other deities			Sabaktes	Σαβάκτης	, the destroyer	Sabaktes (Σαβάκτης), the destroyer
Ἀκραιφεύς	Acraepheus	Greek	mythological figures			Acraepheus	Ἀκραιφεύς	 — son of Apollo.	Acraepheus (Ἀκραιφεύς) — son of Apollo.
Ἔρις	Eris	Greek	Spirits			Eris	Ἔρις	, spirit of strife, discord, contention, and rivalry	Eris (Ἔρις), spirit of strife, discord, contention, and rivalry
	Omphale	Greek	mythological figures			Omphale			Omphale — A queen of Lydia to whom Heracles was required to become a slave for the period of a year.
	Polyxo	Greek	mythological figures			Polyxo			Polyxo — The name of several mythological figures.
Περσεφόνη	Persephone	Greek	Chthonic deities			Persephone	Περσεφόνη	, queen of the underworld, wife of Hades and goddess of spring growth	Persephone (Περσεφόνη), queen of the underworld, wife of Hades and goddess of spring growth
Αρκάς	Arcas	Greek	mythological figures			Arcas	Αρκάς	 — son of Zeus and Callisto.	Arcas (Αρκάς) — son of Zeus and Callisto.
	Magnes	Greek	mythological figures			Magnes			Magnes — The name of several mythological figures.
Τάρταρος	Tartarus	Greek	Chthonic deities			Tartarus	Τάρταρος	, the primeval god of the dark, stormy pit of Hades	Tartarus (Τάρταρος), the primeval god of the dark, stormy pit of Hades
	Clonius	Greek	mythological figures			Clonius			Clonius — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Mopsus, the name of two legendary seers
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Pythia, the oracle of Delphi
Ευρώτας	Eurotas	Greek	Rustic deities			Eurotas	Ευρώτας		Eurotas (Ευρώτας)
Μανία	Mania	Greek	Spirits			Mania	Μανία	, spirit or spirits of madness, insanity, and frenzy	Mania (Μανία), spirit or spirits of madness, insanity, and frenzy
	Selemnus	Greek	mythological figures			Selemnus			Selemnus — A man who loved the sea nymph Argyra.
	Prosymnus	Greek	mythological figures			Prosymnus			Prosymnus — A shepherd who aided Dionysus in rescuing Semele from Hades.
Αυγείας	Augeas	Greek	Kings			Augeas	Αυγείας	, a king of Elis	Augeas (Αυγείας), a king of Elis
	Creusa	Greek	mythological figures			Creusa			Creusa — The name of several mythological figures.
Χλωρίς	Chloris	Greek	Rustic deities			Chloris	Χλωρίς	, goddess of flowers and wife of Zephyrus	Chloris (Χλωρίς), goddess of flowers and wife of Zephyrus
	Diomede	Greek	mythological figures			Diomede			Diomede — The name of several mythological figures.
Βενθεσικύμη	Benthesikyme	Greek	Sea deities			Benthesikyme	Βενθεσικύμη	, daughter of Poseidon, who resided in Ethiopia	Benthesikyme (Βενθεσικύμη), daughter of Poseidon, who resided in Ethiopia
		Greek	Kings						Teutamides, a king of Larissa
Ενυάλιος	Enyalius	Greek	Other deities			Enyalius	Ενυάλιος	, minor god of war	Enyalius (Ενυάλιος), minor god of war
Ἀναξώ	Anaxo	Greek	mythological figures			Anaxo	Ἀναξώ	 — mother of Alcmene.	Anaxo (Ἀναξώ) — mother of Alcmene.
	Tydeus	Greek	mythological figures			Tydeus			Tydeus — father of Diomedes and one of the Seven Against Thebes.
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Branchus, a seer and son of Apollo
Επιμήδης	Epimedes	Greek	Rustic deities			Epimedes	Επιμήδης		Epimedes (Επιμήδης)
	Theiodamas	Greek	mythological figures			Theiodamas			Theiodamas — The name of several mythological figures.
Μήν	Men	Greek	Sky deities			Men	Μήν	, a lunar deity worshiped in the western interior parts of Anatolia.	Men (Μήν), a lunar deity worshiped in the western interior parts of Anatolia.
	Cynurus	Greek	mythological figures			Cynurus			Cynurus — A son of Perseus.
Μεγαλήσιος	Megalesius	Greek	Sea deities			Megalesius	Μεγαλήσιος		Megalesius (Μεγαλήσιος)
		Greek	Heroes						Odysseus, a hero and king of Ithaca whose adventures are the subject of Homer's Odyssey; he also played a key role during the Trojan War
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Asbolus, a seer Centaur
		Greek	Kings						Thyestes, a king of Mycenae and brother of Atreus
Ἀμφίμαχος	Amphimachus	Greek	mythological figures			Amphimachus	Ἀμφίμαχος	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Amphimachus (Ἀμφίμαχος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Μνήμη	Mneme	Greek	Other deities			Mneme	Μνήμη	, muse of memory	Mneme (Μνήμη), muse of memory
	Chloris	Greek	mythological figures			Chloris			Chloris — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἄλκιμος	Alcimus	Greek	mythological figures			Alcimus	Ἄλκιμος	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Alcimus (Ἄλκιμος) — the name of several mythological figures.
	Euippe	Greek	mythological figures			Euippe			Euippe — The name of several mythological figures.
Ποίνη	Poine	Greek	Spirits			Poine	Ποίνη	, spirit of retribution, vengeance, recompense, punishment, and penalty for the crime of murder and manslaughter	Poine (Ποίνη), spirit of retribution, vengeance, recompense, punishment, and penalty for the crime of murder and manslaughter
	Thisbe	Greek	mythological figures			Thisbe			Thisbe — Tragic lover of Pyramus, on whom Shakespeare's Juliet is based.
	Selene	Greek	mythological figures			Selene			Selene — The goddess of the moon.
	Medôn	Greek	mythological figures			Medôn			Medôn — The name of several mythological figures.
		Animals							Culex
		Greek	Notable women						Medea, a sorceress and wife of Jason, who killed her own children to punish Jason for his infidelity
		Greek	Kings						Cynortas, a king of Sparta
Ἀντιφάτης	Antiphates	Greek	mythological figures			Antiphates	Ἀντιφάτης	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Antiphates (Ἀντιφάτης) — the name of several mythological figures.
	Mariandynus	Greek	mythological figures			Mariandynus			Mariandynus — Eponymous hero of the Mariandyni.
Ἱλάειρα	Hilaera	Greek	mythological figures			Hilaera	Ἱλάειρα	 — one of the Leucippides, wife of Castor.	Hilaera (Ἱλάειρα) — one of the Leucippides, wife of Castor.
	Asterodia	Greek	mythological figures			Asterodia			Asterodia — The name of several mythological figures.
Κλειώ	Clio	Greek	Other deities			Clio	Κλειώ	, muse of history	Clio (Κλειώ), muse of history
	Arete	Greek	mythological figures			Arete			Arete — Wife of Alcinous.
Λύσσα	Lyssa	Greek	Spirits			Lyssa	Λύσσα	, spirit of rage, fury and rabies in animals	Lyssa (Λύσσα), spirit of rage, fury and rabies in animals
	Clymenus	Greek	mythological figures			Clymenus			Clymenus — The name of several mythological figures.
Κλήτα	Cleta	Greek	Other deities			Cleta	Κλήτα	 "the glorious"	Cleta (Κλήτα) "the glorious"
		Greek	Kings						Oedipus, a king of Thebes fated to kill his father and marry his mother
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Anius, son of Apollo who prophesied that the Trojan War would be won in its tenth year
	Phylacus	Greek	mythological figures			Phylacus			Phylacus — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἄργης	Arges	Greek	Gigantes			Arges	Ἄργης		Arges (Ἄργης)
		Greek	Kings						Polybus of Thebes, a king of Thebes
	Ialmenus	Greek	mythological figures			Ialmenus			Ialmenus — A son of Ares who sailed with the Argonauts.
	Xuthus	Greek	mythological figures			Xuthus			Xuthus — A son of Hellen and Orseis and father of Ion and Achaeus.
Ἕρση	Ersa	Greek	Sky deities			Ersa	Ἕρση	, goddess of the morning dew	Ersa (Ἕρση), goddess of the morning dew
Lucanian red-figure bell-krater, late 5th century BC	Achilles and Penthesileia	Greek	Amazons			Achilles and Penthesileia	Lucanian red-figure bell-krater, late 5th century BC		Achilles and Penthesileia (Lucanian red-figure bell-krater, late 5th century BC)
	Callidice	Greek	mythological figures			Callidice			Callidice — queen of Thesprotia and wife of Odysseus.
		Animals							Yaffingale
Ἁντίων	Antion	Greek	mythological figures			Antion	Ἁντίων	 — father of Ixion.	Antion (Ἁντίων) — father of Ixion.
	Eurypylus	Greek	mythological figures			Eurypylus			Eurypylus — The name of several mythological figures.
Μολπαδία	Molpadia	Greek	Amazons			Molpadia	Μολπαδία	, an Amazon who killed Antiope	Molpadia (Μολπαδία), an Amazon who killed Antiope
Ἑστία, Hestía	Hestia	Greek	Deity			Hestia	Ἑστία, Hestía	 Virgin goddess of the hearth, home, and chastity. She is a daughter of Rhea and Cronus, and a sister of Zeus. Not often identifiable in Greek art, she appeared as a modestly veiled woman. Her symbols are the hearth and kettle. In some accounts, she gave up her seat as one of the Twelve Olympians in favor of Dionysus, and she plays little role in Greek myths. Her Roman counterpart Vesta, however, was a major deity of the Roman state.	Hestia (Ἑστία, Hestía) Virgin goddess of the hearth, home, and chastity. She is a daughter of Rhea and Cronus, and a sister of Zeus. Not often identifiable in Greek art, she appeared as a modestly veiled woman. Her symbols are the hearth and kettle. In some accounts, she gave up her seat as one of the Twelve Olympians in favor of Dionysus, and she plays little role in Greek myths. Her Roman counterpart Vesta, however, was a major deity of the Roman state.
Ὠκεανός (Ōceanós)	Oceanus	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titan of the all-encircling river Oceans around the earth, the fount of all the Earth's fresh-water.
Ἀστυάναξ	Astyanax	Greek	mythological figures			Astyanax	Ἀστυάναξ	 — Infant son of Hector and Andromache, killed during the Sack of Troy.	Astyanax (Ἀστυάναξ) — Infant son of Hector and Andromache, killed during the Sack of Troy.
Άσβολος	Asbolus	Greek	Rustic deities			Asbolus	Άσβολος		Asbolus (Άσβολος)
	Asius	Greek	mythological figures			Asius			Asius — The name of two people who fought during the Trojan War.
Ηλέκτρα	Electra	Greek	Sky deities			Electra	Ηλέκτρα		Electra (Ηλέκτρα)
		Animals							Morel
Ώρες	The Horae	Greek	Rustic deities			The Horae	Ώρες	, The Hours, the goddesses of natural order	The Horae (Ώρες), The Hours, the goddesses of natural order
	Evaechme	Greek	mythological figures			Evaechme			Evaechme — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἠώς (Ēṓs)	Eos	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of the dawn.
Ούρος	The Ourea	Greek	Rustic deities			The Ourea	Ούρος	, primeval gods of mountains	The Ourea (Ούρος), primeval gods of mountains
	Cleodaeus	Greek	mythological figures			Cleodaeus			Cleodaeus — A grandson of Heracles.
		Greek	mythological figures						
Ἀριστόδημος	Aristodemus	Greek	mythological figures			Aristodemus	Ἀριστόδημος	 — A descendant of Heracles who helped lead the Dorian Invasion.	Aristodemus (Ἀριστόδημος) — A descendant of Heracles who helped lead the Dorian Invasion.
	Tyro	Greek	mythological figures			Tyro			Tyro — Daughter of Salmoneus.
	Socus	Greek	mythological figures			Socus			Socus — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Cylarabes, a king of Argos
	Cilla	Greek	mythological figures			Cilla			Cilla — The name of several mythological figures.
Κυαμίτης	Cyamites	Greek	Agricultural deities			Cyamites	Κυαμίτης	, demi-god of the bean	Cyamites (Κυαμίτης), demi-god of the bean
		Greek	Kings						Creon, a king of Corinth who was hospitable towards Jason and Medea
Αίας ο Μικρός	Ajax the Lesser	Greek	Heroes			Ajax the Lesser	Αίας ο Μικρός	, a hero of the Trojan War and leader of the Locrian army	Ajax the Lesser (Αίας ο Μικρός), a hero of the Trojan War and leader of the Locrian army
Ἀστραῖος (Astraîos)	Astraeus	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titan of dusk, stars, and planets, and the art of astrology.
		Greek	Kings						Argeus, a king of Argos
Ακτή	Akte, Acte	Greek	Rustic deities			Akte, Acte	Ακτή	 or Cypris (Κυπρίς), eating and pleasure, the second of the afternoon work hours	Akte, Acte (Ακτή) or Cypris (Κυπρίς), eating and pleasure, the second of the afternoon work hours
		Greek	Kings						Eurotas, a king of Sparta
Μέδουσα	Medusa	Greek	Sea deities			Medusa	Μέδουσα	, the only mortal of the three	Medusa (Μέδουσα), the only mortal of the three
Καικίας	Caicias	Greek	Sky deities			Caicias	Καικίας	, god of the northeast wind	Caicias (Καικίας), god of the northeast wind
		Greek	Inmates of Tartarus						The Danaides, forty-nine daughters of Danaus who murdered their husbands and were condemned to an eternity of carrying water in leaky jugs
Αιτωλός	Aetolus	Greek	Kings			Aetolus	Αιτωλός	, a king of Elis	Aetolus (Αιτωλός), a king of Elis
Αντιγόνη	Antigone	Greek	Notable women			Antigone	Αντιγόνη	, daughter of Oedipus and Jocasta	Antigone (Αντιγόνη), daughter of Oedipus and Jocasta
Πάλλας (Pállas)	Pallas	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titan of warcraft. He was killed by Athena during the Titanomachy.
	Capaneus	Greek	mythological figures			Capaneus			Capaneus — An arrogant warrior who was struck down by Zeus.
Ἀρισταῖος	Aristaeus	Greek	Rustic deities			Aristaeus	Ἀρισταῖος	, god of bee-keeping, cheese-making, herding, olive-growing, and hunting	Aristaeus (Ἀρισταῖος), god of bee-keeping, cheese-making, herding, olive-growing, and hunting
Μύλας	Mylas	Greek	Sea deities			Mylas	Μύλας		Mylas (Μύλας)
Ἀλῳάδαι	Aloadae	Greek	Gigantes			Aloadae	Ἀλῳάδαι	, twin giants who attempted to climb to Olympus by piling mountains on top of each other.	Aloadae (Ἀλῳάδαι), twin giants who attempted to climb to Olympus by piling mountains on top of each other.
Θεία (Theía)	Theia	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titaness of sight and the shining light of the clear blue sky. She is the consort of Hyperion, and mother of Helios, Selene, and Eos.
	Chalciope	Greek	mythological figures			Chalciope			Chalciope — The name of several mythological figures.
Τελχινες	The Telchines	Greek	Sea deities			The Telchines	Τελχινες	, sea spirits native to the island of Rhodes; the gods killed them when they turned to evil magic	The Telchines (Τελχινες), sea spirits native to the island of Rhodes; the gods killed them when they turned to evil magic
Ευτέρπη	Euterpe	Greek	Other deities			Euterpe	Ευτέρπη	, muse of musical poetry	Euterpe (Ευτέρπη), muse of musical poetry
Πόντος	Pontos	Greek	Sea deities			Pontos	Πόντος	, primeval god of the sea, father of the fish and other sea creatures	Pontos (Πόντος), primeval god of the sea, father of the fish and other sea creatures
Ἱλάειρα	Hilaera	Greek	Deified mortals			Hilaera	Ἱλάειρα	, wife of Castor	Hilaera (Ἱλάειρα), wife of Castor
Αυξησία	Auxesia	Greek	Other deities			Auxesia	Αυξησία	 and Damia (Δαμία), two local fertility goddesses	Auxesia (Αυξησία) and Damia (Δαμία), two local fertility goddesses
Λευκοσία	Leucosia	Greek	Sea deities			Leucosia	Λευκοσία		Leucosia (Λευκοσία)
Λαμπάδες	Lampades	Greek	Chthonic deities			Lampades	Λαμπάδες	, torch-bearing Underworld nymphs	Lampades (Λαμπάδες), torch-bearing Underworld nymphs
Ἰωκή	Ioke	Greek	Spirits			Ioke	Ἰωκή	, spirit of pursuit in battle	Ioke (Ἰωκή), spirit of pursuit in battle
	Imbrius	Greek	mythological figures			Imbrius			Imbrius — A son-in-law of Priam.
	Schoeneus	Greek	mythological figures			Schoeneus			Schoeneus — The name of several mythological figures.
Θάλασσα	Thalassa	Greek	Sea deities			Thalassa	Θάλασσα	, primeval goddess of the sea and consort of Pontos	Thalassa (Θάλασσα), primeval goddess of the sea and consort of Pontos
		Greek	Kings						Theseus, a king of Athens and slayer of the Minotaur
	Eurytion	Greek	mythological figures			Eurytion			Eurytion — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἰνώ	Ino	Greek	mythological figures			Ino	Ἰνώ	 — a Theban princess who became the sea goddess Leucothea	Ino (Ἰνώ) — a Theban princess who became the sea goddess Leucothea
		Animals							Aardwolf
Αναξ	Anax	Greek	Gigantes			Anax	Αναξ	 was a giant of the island of Lade near Miletos in Lydia, Anatolia.	Anax (Αναξ) was a giant of the island of Lade near Miletos in Lydia, Anatolia.
	Iphianeira	Greek	mythological figures			Iphianeira			Iphianeira — The name of several mythological figures.
	Pelopia	Greek	mythological figures			Pelopia			Pelopia — The name of several mythological figures.
		Animals							Coypu
	Lycaste	Greek	mythological figures			Lycaste			Lycaste — The name of several mythological figures.
Καρκίνος	Karkinos	Greek	Sea deities			Karkinos	Καρκίνος	, a giant crab who allied itself with the Hydra against Heracles. When it died, Hera placed it in the sky as the constellation Cancer.	Karkinos (Καρκίνος), a giant crab who allied itself with the Hydra against Heracles. When it died, Hera placed it in the sky as the constellation Cancer.
	Argea	Greek	mythological figures			Argea			Argea — Daughter of Adrastus and wife of Polynices.
Πεμφρεδώ	Pemphredo	Greek	Sea deities			Pemphredo	Πεμφρεδώ		Pemphredo (Πεμφρεδώ)
Διόνυσος	Dionysus	Greek	Agricultural deities			Dionysus	Διόνυσος	, god of viticulture and wine	Dionysus (Διόνυσος), god of viticulture and wine
Αἴτνη	Aetna	Greek	Rustic deities			Aetna	Αἴτνη	, goddess of the volcanic Mount Etna in Sicily	Aetna (Αἴτνη), goddess of the volcanic Mount Etna in Sicily
Ὑμήν	Hymen	Greek	Spirits			Hymen	Ὑμήν	 or Hymenaeus (Ὑμεναιος), god of marriage ceremonies, inspiring feasts and song	Hymen (Ὑμήν) or Hymenaeus (Ὑμεναιος), god of marriage ceremonies, inspiring feasts and song
	Euphorion	Greek	mythological figures			Euphorion			Euphorion — The son of Achilles and Helen.
	Zetes	Greek	mythological figures			Zetes			Zetes — An Argonaut and son of Boreas.
Κοάλεμος	Koalemos	Greek	Spirits			Koalemos	Κοάλεμος	, spirit of stupidity and foolishness	Koalemos (Κοάλεμος), spirit of stupidity and foolishness
	Thersander	Greek	mythological figures			Thersander			Thersander — The name of several mythological figures.
Χρόνος (Chrónos)	Chronos	Greek	Ancient Greek name			The god of empirical time, sometimes equated with Aion. Not to be confused with the Titan Cronus	Kronos	, the father of Zeus.	The god of empirical time, sometimes equated with Aion. Not to be confused with the Titan Cronus (Kronos), the father of Zeus.
	Eurylochus	Greek	mythological figures			Eurylochus			Eurylochus — The second-in-command of Odysseus' ship during the return to Ithaca after the Trojan War.
	Phrontis	Greek	mythological figures			Phrontis			Phrontis — A son of Phrixus who sailed with the Argonauts.
Αιγαίων	Aegaeon	Greek	Sea deities			Aegaeon	Αιγαίων	, god of violent sea storms and ally of the Titans	Aegaeon (Αιγαίων), god of violent sea storms and ally of the Titans
		Greek	Notable women						Helen, daughter of Zeus and Leda, whose abduction brought about the Trojan War
		Greek	Kings						Erichthonius, a king of Athens, born of Hephaestus' attempt to rape Athena
	Lamedon	Greek	mythological figures			Lamedon			Lamedon — A son of Coronus of Sicyon.
Ἥλιος	Helios	Greek	Sky deities			Helios	Ἥλιος	, Titan god of the sun and guardian of oaths	Helios (Ἥλιος), Titan god of the sun and guardian of oaths
Λίψ	Lips	Greek	Sky deities			Lips	Λίψ	, god of the southwest wind	Lips (Λίψ), god of the southwest wind
Χάος (Cháos)	Chaos	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The personification of nothingness from which all of existence sprang. Depicted as a void. Initially genderless, later on described as female.
	Apemosyne	Greek	mythological figures			Apemosyne			Apemosyne — a daughter of Catreus who was raped by Hermes.
Τάρταρος (Tártaros)	Tartarus	Greek	Ancient Greek name			The god of the deepest, darkest part of the underworld, the Tartarean pit	which is also referred to as Tartarus itself	.	The god of the deepest, darkest part of the underworld, the Tartarean pit (which is also referred to as Tartarus itself).
		Greek	Kings						Alcmaeon, a king of Argos and one of the Epigoni
Αδράστεια	Adrastea	Greek	Other deities			Adrastea	Αδράστεια	, a daughter of Ares and Aphrodite, or an epithet of Nemesis	Adrastea (Αδράστεια), a daughter of Ares and Aphrodite, or an epithet of Nemesis
¨Αδης	Hades	Greek	Chthonic deities			Hades	¨Αδης	 God of underworld and all things beneath the earth	Hades (¨Αδης) God of underworld and all things beneath the earth
	Trochilus	Greek	mythological figures			Trochilus			Trochilus — Possible inventor of the chariot linked to cults of Hera and Demeter.
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Helenus, seer and twin brother of Cassandra, who later became king of Epirus
Αιθήρ	Aether	Greek	Sky deities			Aether	Αιθήρ	, primeval god of the upper air	Aether (Αιθήρ), primeval god of the upper air
		Greek	Kings						Aëthlius, first king of Elis
Μελινόη	Melinoe	Greek	Chthonic deities			Melinoe	Μελινόη	, daughter of Persephone and Zeus who presided over the propitiations offered to the ghosts of the dead	Melinoe (Μελινόη), daughter of Persephone and Zeus who presided over the propitiations offered to the ghosts of the dead
Νέμεσις (Némesis)	Nemesis	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The goddess of retribution.
Ἀχλύς (Akhlýs)	Achlys	Greek	Ancient Greek name						The goddess of poisons, and the personification of misery and sadness. Said to have existed before Chaos itself.
Ασβετος	Asbetos	Greek	Other deities			Asbetos	Ασβετος	, the charrer	Asbetos (Ασβετος), the charrer
Ἄργος Πανόπτης	Argus Panoptes	Greek	Gigantes			Argus Panoptes	Ἄργος Πανόπτης	, a hundred-eyed giant tasked with guarding over Io	Argus Panoptes (Ἄργος Πανόπτης), a hundred-eyed giant tasked with guarding over Io
	Telecleia	Greek	mythological figures			Telecleia			Telecleia — A daughter of Ilus and wife of Cisseus.
Οὐρανός (Ouranós)	Uranus	Greek	Ancient Greek name			The god of the heavens	Father Sky	; father of the Titans.	The god of the heavens (Father Sky); father of the Titans.
	Myrrha	Greek	mythological figures			Myrrha			Myrrha — The mother of Adonis.
Εκαέργη	Hekaerge	Greek	Rustic deities			Hekaerge	Εκαέργη	, represented distancing	Hekaerge (Εκαέργη), represented distancing
	Celtine	Greek	mythological figures			Celtine			Celtine — A Celtic princess and lover of Heracles.
	Hippolytus	Greek	mythological figures			Hippolytus			Hippolytus — A son of Theseus.
Ἄγλαυρος	Aglaulus	Greek	mythological figures			Aglaulus	Ἄγλαυρος	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Aglaulus (Ἄγλαυρος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Φιλότης	Philotes	Greek	Spirits			Philotes	Φιλότης	, spirit of friendship, affection, and sexual intercourse	Philotes (Φιλότης), spirit of friendship, affection, and sexual intercourse
	Molurus	Greek	mythological figures			Molurus			Molurus — The man killed by Hyettus.
	Iphinoe	Greek	mythological figures			Iphinoe			Iphinoe — The name of several mythological figures.
	Orion	Greek	mythological figures			Orion			Orion — A hunter whom Zeus placed among the stars as the constellation of Orion.
		Greek	Sea deities						Metis, Zeus' first wife, whom Zeus impregnated with Athena and then swallowed.
		Greek	Kings						Criasus, a king of Argos
Περσεύς	Perseus	Greek	Kings			Perseus	Περσεύς	, founder-king of Mycenae and slayer of the Gorgon Medusa	Perseus (Περσεύς), founder-king of Mycenae and slayer of the Gorgon Medusa
		Greek	Notable women						Cassandra, a princess of Troy cursed to see the future but never to be believed
Δόλος	Dolos	Greek	Spirits			Dolos	Δόλος	, spirit of trickery, cunning deception, craftiness, treachery, and guile	Dolos (Δόλος), spirit of trickery, cunning deception, craftiness, treachery, and guile
	Iphidamas	Greek	mythological figures			Iphidamas			Iphidamas — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Heroes						Jason, leader of the Argonauts
Νίκων	Nikon	Greek	Sea deities			Nikon	Νίκων		Nikon (Νίκων)
		Greek	mythological figures						
λήθη	Lethe	Greek	Rustic deities			Lethe	λήθη		Lethe (λήθη)
		Greek	Heroes						Icarus, the son of the master craftsman Daedalus
	Enyeus	Greek	mythological figures			Enyeus			Enyeus — The name of several mythological characters.
		Greek	Notable women						Amymone, the one daughter of Danaus who refused to murder her husband, thus escaping her sisters' punishment
		Greek	Kings						Polybus of Sicyon, a king of Sicyon and son of Hermes
	Polystratus	Greek	mythological figures			Polystratus			Polystratus — A youth of Dyme, Achaea.
	Cebriones	Greek	mythological figures			Cebriones			Cebriones — An illegitimate son of Priam.
		Greek	Kings						Megareus of Thebes, a king of Thebes
Ηχώ	Echo	Greek	Rustic deities			Echo	Ηχώ	, a nymph cursed never to speak except to repeat the words of others	Echo (Ηχώ), a nymph cursed never to speak except to repeat the words of others
Κεραων	Ceraon	Greek	Other deities			Ceraon	Κεραων	, demi-god of the meal, specifically the mixing of wine	Ceraon (Κεραων), demi-god of the meal, specifically the mixing of wine
Άδμητος	Admetus	Greek	Kings			Admetus	Άδμητος	, a king of Pherae who sailed with the Argonauts and participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt	Admetus (Άδμητος), a king of Pherae who sailed with the Argonauts and participated in the Calydonian Boar hunt
		Greek	Kings						Demophon of Athens, a king of Athens
Δύσις	Dysis	Greek	Rustic deities			Dysis	Δύσις	, sunset	Dysis (Δύσις), sunset
	Hyamus	Greek	mythological figures			Hyamus			Hyamus — maternal grandfather of Delphus.
		Greek	Kings						Epaphus, a king of Egypt and founder of Memphis, Egypt
Ἀκάμας	Acamas, son of Antenor	Greek	mythological figures			Acamas, son of Antenor	Ἀκάμας	 — son of Antenor who fought in the Trojan war on the side of Troy.	Acamas, son of Antenor (Ἀκάμας) — son of Antenor who fought in the Trojan war on the side of Troy.
		Greek	Kings						Oxyntes, a king of Athens
Ἀστυπάλαια	Astypalaea	Greek	mythological figures			Astypalaea	Ἀστυπάλαια	 — A lover of Poseidon.	Astypalaea (Ἀστυπάλαια) — A lover of Poseidon.
	Eleuther	Greek	mythological figures			Eleuther			Eleuther — The name of several mythological figures.
	Hero and Leander	Greek	mythological figures			Hero and Leander			Hero and Leander — Star-crossed lovers.
		Greek	Kings						Orestes, a king of Argos and a son of Clytemnestra and Agamemnon; he killed his mother in revenge for her murder of his father
Ἀναξαγόρας	Anaxagoras	Greek	Kings			Anaxagoras	Ἀναξαγόρας	, a king of Argos	Anaxagoras (Ἀναξαγόρας), a king of Argos
		Greek	Other deities						Muses worshiped at Delphi, daughters of Apollo
	Procrustes	Greek	mythological figures			Procrustes			Procrustes — A rogue smith and bandit from Attica who attacked people.
		Greek	Amazons						
Τρίτων	Triton	Greek	Sea deities			Triton	Τρίτων	, fish-tailed son and herald of Poseidon	Triton (Τρίτων), fish-tailed son and herald of Poseidon
Ἀτρεύς	Atreus	Greek	Kings			Atreus	Ἀτρεύς	, a king of Mycenae and father of Agamemnon and Menelaus	Atreus (Ἀτρεύς), a king of Mycenae and father of Agamemnon and Menelaus
Ἀγαμήδη	Agamede	Greek	mythological figures			Agamede	Ἀγαμήδη	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Agamede (Ἀγαμήδη) — the name of several mythological figures.
Ἀρισταῖος	Aristaeus	Greek	Deified mortals			Aristaeus	Ἀρισταῖος	, a Thessalian hero, his inventions saw him immortalised as the god of bee-keeping, cheese-making, herding, olive-growing, and hunting	Aristaeus (Ἀρισταῖος), a Thessalian hero, his inventions saw him immortalised as the god of bee-keeping, cheese-making, herding, olive-growing, and hunting
Ἰασώ	Iaso	Greek	Agricultural deities			Iaso	Ἰασώ	, goddess of cures, remedies, and modes of healing	Iaso (Ἰασώ), goddess of cures, remedies, and modes of healing
Ὠκεανός	Oceanus	Greek	Sea deities			Oceanus	Ὠκεανός	, Titan god of the Earth-encircling river Oceanus (the ocean), the fountain of all the Earth's fresh water	Oceanus (Ὠκεανός), Titan god of the Earth-encircling river Oceanus (the ocean), the fountain of all the Earth's fresh water
Λαμψάκη	Lampsace	Greek	Deified mortals			Lampsace	Λαμψάκη	, a semi-historical Bebrycian princess honored as goddess for her assistance to the Greeks	Lampsace (Λαμψάκη), a semi-historical Bebrycian princess honored as goddess for her assistance to the Greeks
Νέμεσις	Nemesis	Greek	Spirits			Nemesis	Νέμεσις	, goddess of revenge, balance, righteous indignation, and retribution	Nemesis (Νέμεσις), goddess of revenge, balance, righteous indignation, and retribution
	Icarius	Greek	mythological figures			Icarius			Icarius — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Rustic deities						The goddesses of the natural portions of time and the times of day
		Greek	Kings						Cresphontes, a king of Messene and descendent of Heracles
	Philemon	Greek	mythological figures			Philemon			Philemon — A virtuous old man who was rewarded by Zeus.
		Greek	Kings						Catreus, a king of Crete, prophesied to die at the hands of his own son
		Greek	Kings						Polybus of Corinth, a king of Corinth
		Greek	Notable women						Polyxena, the youngest daughter of Priam, sacrificed to the ghost of Achilles
		Greek	Kings						Sisyphus, a king of Thessaly who attempted to cheat death and was sentenced to an eternity of rolling a boulder up a hill, only to watch it roll back down
	Iphicles	Greek	mythological figures			Iphicles			Iphicles — The name of several mythological figures.
Κόμος	Comus	Greek	Rustic deities			Comus	Κόμος	, god of revelry, merrymaking, and festivity	Comus (Κόμος), god of revelry, merrymaking, and festivity
		Greek							
Θαῦμας	Thaumas	Greek	Sea deities			Thaumas	Θαῦμας	, god of the wonders of the sea	Thaumas (Θαῦμας), god of the wonders of the sea
Ηωσφόρος	Eosphorus	Greek	Sky deities			Eosphorus	Ηωσφόρος	, god of Venus the morning star	Eosphorus (Ηωσφόρος), god of Venus the morning star
Κυμοπόλεια	Cymopoleia	Greek	Sea deities			Cymopoleia	Κυμοπόλεια	, a daughter of Poseidon married to the Giant Briareus	Cymopoleia (Κυμοπόλεια), a daughter of Poseidon married to the Giant Briareus
	Dius	Greek	mythological figures			Dius			Dius — The name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Notable women						Jocasta, mother and wife of Oedipus
	Leucophrye	Greek	mythological figures			Leucophrye			Leucophrye — Daughter of Mandrolytus; she betrayed her city for the love of a man.
	Peisidice	Greek	mythological figures			Peisidice			Peisidice — The name of several mythological figures.
	Epochus	Greek	mythological figures			Epochus			Epochus — The name of several mythological characters.
	Ctesylla	Greek	mythological figures			Ctesylla			Ctesylla — A maiden of Ioulis.
Καλλείς	Calleis	Greek	Other deities			Calleis	Καλλείς	 "beauty"	Calleis (Καλλείς) "beauty"
μαινάδες	Maenades	Greek	Rustic deities			Maenades	μαινάδες	, crazed nymphs in the retinue of Dionysus	Maenades (μαινάδες), crazed nymphs in the retinue of Dionysus
Λυσαγόρα	Lysagora	Greek	Sea deities			Lysagora	Λυσαγόρα	?	Lysagora (Λυσαγόρα)?
Ἀγάστροφος	Agastrophus	Greek	mythological figures			Agastrophus	Ἀγάστροφος	 — a Paeonian ally of the Trojans.	Agastrophus (Ἀγάστροφος) — a Paeonian ally of the Trojans.
Επιμελίδες	Epimeliades	Greek	Rustic deities			Epimeliades	Επιμελίδες	, nymphs of highland pastures and protectors of sheep flocks	Epimeliades (Επιμελίδες), nymphs of highland pastures and protectors of sheep flocks
Φλεγέθων	Phlegethon	Greek	Rustic deities			Phlegethon	Φλεγέθων		Phlegethon (Φλεγέθων)
	Panthous	Greek	mythological figures			Panthous			Panthous — An elder of Troy.
Αυγή	Auge	Greek	Rustic deities			Auge	Αυγή	, first light of the morning	Auge (Αυγή), first light of the morning
	Dolius	Greek	mythological figures			Dolius			Dolius — A slave of Penelope.
	Megapenthes	Greek	mythological figures			Megapenthes			Megapenthes — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀρετή	Arete	Greek	Spirits			Arete	Ἀρετή	, spirit of virtue, excellence, goodness, and valour	Arete (Ἀρετή), spirit of virtue, excellence, goodness, and valour
	Pandareus	Greek	mythological figures			Pandareus			Pandareus — A friend of Tantalus who got involved into the latter's impious deeds.
	Astyoche	Greek	mythological figures			Astyoche			Astyoche — The name of several mythological figures.
Λήθη	Lethe	Greek	Spirits			Lethe	Λήθη	, spirit of forgetfulness and oblivion, and of the river of the same name	Lethe (Λήθη), spirit of forgetfulness and oblivion, and of the river of the same name
		Greek	mythological figures						
Εὔκλεια	Eucleia	Greek	Spirits			Eucleia	Εὔκλεια	, spirit of good repute and glory	Eucleia (Εὔκλεια), spirit of good repute and glory
Δεξιθέα	Dexithea	Greek	Sea deities			Dexithea	Δεξιθέα	, mother of Euxanthios by Minos	Dexithea (Δεξιθέα), mother of Euxanthios by Minos
Ἄγγελος	Angelos	Greek	Chthonic deities			Angelos	Ἄγγελος	, a daughter of Zeus and Hera who became an underworld goddess	Angelos (Ἄγγελος), a daughter of Zeus and Hera who became an underworld goddess
		Greek	Heroes						Daedalus, creator of the labyrinth and great inventor, until King Minos trapped him in his own creation.
Ευρονότος	Euronotus	Greek	Sky deities			Euronotus	Ευρονότος	, god of the southeast wind	Euronotus (Ευρονότος), god of the southeast wind
		Greek	Sea deities						For a more complete list, see List of Oceanids
Δάκτυλοι	The Dactyls	Greek	Rustic deities			The Dactyls	Δάκτυλοι	 "fingers", minor deities originally representing fingers of a hand	The Dactyls (Δάκτυλοι) "fingers", minor deities originally representing fingers of a hand
	Elymus	Greek	mythological figures			Elymus			Elymus — Progenitor of the Elymians.
		Greek	Sea deities						
Εὐλάβεια	Eulabeia	Greek	Spirits			Eulabeia	Εὐλάβεια	, spirit of discretion, caution, and circumspection	Eulabeia (Εὐλάβεια), spirit of discretion, caution, and circumspection
Τυφῶν	Typhon	Greek	Gigantes			Typhon	Τυφῶν	, a monstrous immortal storm-giant who attempted to launch an attack on Mt. Olympus but was defeated by the Olympians and imprisoned in the pits of Tartarus	Typhon (Τυφῶν), a monstrous immortal storm-giant who attempted to launch an attack on Mt. Olympus but was defeated by the Olympians and imprisoned in the pits of Tartarus
	Polites	Greek	mythological figures			Polites			Polites — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἄβαντος	Abas	Greek	mythological figures			Abas	Ἄβαντος	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Abas (Ἄβαντος) — the name of several mythological figures.
Βολίνα	Bolina	Greek	Deified mortals			Bolina	Βολίνα	, a mortal woman transformed into an immortal nymph by Apollo	Bolina (Βολίνα), a mortal woman transformed into an immortal nymph by Apollo
Κίρκιος	Circios	Greek	Sky deities			Circios	Κίρκιος	 or Thraskias (Θρασκίας), god of the north-northwest wind	Circios (Κίρκιος) or Thraskias (Θρασκίας), god of the north-northwest wind
	Toxeus	Greek	mythological figures			Toxeus			Toxeus — The name of several mythological characters.
	Budeia	Greek	mythological figures			Budeia			Budeia — Name of two separate figures
´Εσπερίδες	The Hesperides,	Greek	Sky deities			The Hesperides,	´Εσπερίδες	, nymphs that represented a star cluster in the constellation Taurus (Pleiades) and were associated with rain	The Hesperides, (´Εσπερίδες), nymphs that represented a star cluster in the constellation Taurus (Pleiades) and were associated with rain
Eὐπραξία	Eupraxia	Greek	Spirits			Eupraxia	Eὐπραξία	, spirit of well-being	Eupraxia (Eὐπραξία), spirit of well-being
Ἵμερος	Himeros	Greek	Spirits			Himeros	Ἵμερος	, god of sexual desire	Himeros (Ἵμερος), god of sexual desire
	Lysimache	Greek	mythological figures			Lysimache			Lysimache — The name of several mythological figures.
Λάμια	Lamia	Greek	Chthonic deities			Lamia	Λάμια	, a vampiric Underworld spirit or spirits in the train of Hecate	Lamia (Λάμια), a vampiric Underworld spirit or spirits in the train of Hecate
	Europs	Greek	mythological figures			Europs			Europs — The name of several mythological figures.
Λευκιππίδες	The Leucippides	Greek	Deified mortals			The Leucippides	Λευκιππίδες	, wives of the Dioscuri	The Leucippides (Λευκιππίδες), wives of the Dioscuri
Ακταίος	Actaeus	Greek	Sea deities			Actaeus	Ακταίος		Actaeus (Ακταίος)
		Greek	Heroes						Bellerophon, hero who slew the Chimera
Γοργύρα	Gorgyra	Greek	Chthonic deities			Gorgyra	Γοργύρα		Gorgyra (Γοργύρα)
		Greek	mythological figures						Abderus, aided Heracles during his eighth labour and was killed by the Mares of Diomedes
	Carystus	Greek	mythological figures			Carystus			Carystus — Son of Chiron.
Ειρήνη	Eirene	Greek	Rustic deities			Eirene	Ειρήνη	, spirit of peace and goddess of the springtime	Eirene (Ειρήνη), spirit of peace and goddess of the springtime
	Eurythemista	Greek	mythological figures			Eurythemista			Eurythemista — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀλαλά	Alala	Greek	Spirits			Alala	Ἀλαλά	, spirit of the war cry	Alala (Ἀλαλά), spirit of the war cry
Ἀσκάλαφος	Askalaphos	Greek	Chthonic deities			Askalaphos	Ἀσκάλαφος	, the son of Acheron and Orphne who tended the Underworld orchards before being transformed into a screech owl by Demeter	Askalaphos (Ἀσκάλαφος), the son of Acheron and Orphne who tended the Underworld orchards before being transformed into a screech owl by Demeter
		Greek	Seers/oracles						Melampus, a legendary soothsayer and healer, and king of Argos
Ακμών	Acmon	Greek	Rustic deities			Acmon	Ακμών		Acmon (Ακμών)
		Greek	Kings						Cadmus, founder-king of Thebes
	Euchenor	Greek	mythological figures			Euchenor			Euchenor — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀντιφάτης	Antiphates	Greek	Gigantes			Antiphates	Ἀντιφάτης	, the king of the man-eating giants known as Laestrygones which were encountered by Odysseus on his travels.	Antiphates (Ἀντιφάτης), the king of the man-eating giants known as Laestrygones which were encountered by Odysseus on his travels.
Λάδων	Ladon	Greek	Sea deities			Ladon	Λάδων	, a hundred-headed sea serpent who guarded the western reaches of the sea, and the island and golden apples of the Hesperides	Ladon (Λάδων), a hundred-headed sea serpent who guarded the western reaches of the sea, and the island and golden apples of the Hesperides
Ἀδηφαγία	Adephagia	Greek	Spirits			Adephagia	Ἀδηφαγία	, spirit of satiety and gluttony	Adephagia (Ἀδηφαγία), spirit of satiety and gluttony
	Dimoetes	Greek	mythological figures			Dimoetes			Dimoetes — brother of Troezen.
Νέσσος	Nessus	Greek	Rustic deities			Nessus	Νέσσος	, a ferryman at the river Euenus	Nessus (Νέσσος), a ferryman at the river Euenus
Θάλασσα (Thálassa)	Thalassa	Greek	Ancient Greek name						Personification of the sea and consort of Pontus.
		Greek	Kings						Electryon, a king of Tiryns and Mycenae; son of Perseus and Andromeda
	Solymus	Greek	mythological figures			Solymus			Solymus — Ancestral hero of the Solymi tribe in Lycia.
		Greek	Notable women						Danaë, the mother of Perseus by Zeus
son of Antilochus	Paeon	Greek	mythological figures			Paeon	son of Antilochus	 — A Messenian noble.	Paeon (son of Antilochus) — A Messenian noble.
Ἀστυδάμεια	Astydameia	Greek	mythological figures			Astydameia	Ἀστυδάμεια	 — The name of several mythological figures.	Astydameia (Ἀστυδάμεια) — The name of several mythological figures.
Ἀναίδεια	Anaideia	Greek	Spirits			Anaideia	Ἀναίδεια	, spirit of ruthlessness, shamelessness, and unforgivingness	Anaideia (Ἀναίδεια), spirit of ruthlessness, shamelessness, and unforgivingness
		Greek	Kings						Codrus, a king of Athens
Ὀτρήρα	Otrera	Greek	Amazons			Otrera	Ὀτρήρα	, an Amazon queen, consort of Ares and mother of Hippolyta	Otrera (Ὀτρήρα), an Amazon queen, consort of Ares and mother of Hippolyta
	Daedalus	Greek	mythological figures			Daedalus			Daedalus — A skilled inventor and artisan.
Ἀλκινόη	Alcinoe	Greek	mythological figures			Alcinoe	Ἀλκινόη	 — the name of several mythological figures.	Alcinoe (Ἀλκινόη) — the name of several mythological figures.
		Greek	Kings						Eetion, a king of Cilician Thebe and father of Andromache
Ιάσιος	Iasios	Greek	Rustic deities			Iasios	Ιάσιος		Iasios (Ιάσιος)
	Phoenix	Greek	mythological figures			Phoenix			Phoenix — one of the Myrmidons who participated in the Trojan War.
		Greek	Notable women						Iphigenia, daughter of Agamemnon and Clytemnestra; Agamemnon sacrificed her to Artemis in order to appease the goddess
Μύρινα	Myrina	Greek	Amazons			Myrina	Μύρινα	, a queen of the Amazons	Myrina (Μύρινα), a queen of the Amazons
Ἔρως	Eros	Greek	Spirits			Eros	Ἔρως	, god of love and sexual intercourse	Eros (Ἔρως), god of love and sexual intercourse
Διόνυσος	Dionysus	Greek	Rustic deities			Dionysus	Διόνυσος	, god of wine, drunken orgies, and wild vegetation	Dionysus (Διόνυσος), god of wine, drunken orgies, and wild vegetation
		Greek	Kings						Tyndareus, a king of Sparta
	Lupa	Greek	mythological figures			Lupa			Lupa — The minor goddess of wolves.
	Ctimene	Greek	mythological figures			Ctimene			Ctimene — younger sister of Odysseus.
Δυσνομία	Dysnomia	Greek	Spirits			Dysnomia	Δυσνομία	, spirit of lawlessness and poor civil constitution	Dysnomia (Δυσνομία), spirit of lawlessness and poor civil constitution
	Herippe	Greek	mythological figures			Herippe			Herippe — A woman from Miletus, abducted by the Gauls.
	Stheneboea	Greek	mythological figures			Stheneboea			Stheneboea — Daughter of Iobates and consort of Proteus.
Δαμναμενεύς	Damnameneus	Greek	Sea deities			Damnameneus	Δαμναμενεύς		Damnameneus (Δαμναμενεύς)
Ὁμόνοια	Homonoia	Greek	Spirits			Homonoia	Ὁμόνοια	, spirit of concord, unanimity, and oneness of mind	Homonoia (Ὁμόνοια), spirit of concord, unanimity, and oneness of mind
		Greek	mythological figures						Eleusis, eponymous hero of the town of Eleusis
	Teuthras	Greek	mythological figures			Teuthras			Teuthras — a native of Magnesia, who fought at Troy and was killed by Hector and Ares.[1]
Ἀπόλλων	Apollo	Greek	Agricultural deities			Apollo	Ἀπόλλων	, god of healing and medicine	Apollo (Ἀπόλλων), god of healing and medicine
Πλειάδες	The Pleiades	Greek	Sky deities			The Pleiades	Πλειάδες	, goddesses of the constellation Pleiades and were associated with rain	The Pleiades (Πλειάδες), goddesses of the constellation Pleiades and were associated with rain
	Pronax	Greek	mythological figures			Pronax			Pronax — A brother of Adrastus.
Κρόνος (Kronos)	Cronus	Greek	The Twelve Titans						Titan of harvests and personification of destructive time. The leader of the Titans, who overthrew his father Uranus only to be overthrown in turn by his son, Zeus. Not to be confused with Chronos.
	Psophis	Greek	mythological figures			Psophis			Psophis — The name of several mythological figures.
Μέγαιρα	Megaera	Greek	Chthonic deities			Megaera	Μέγαιρα	, the jealous one	Megaera (Μέγαιρα), the jealous one
Αἰακός	Aiakos	Greek	Chthonic deities			Aiakos	Αἰακός	, former mortal king of Aegina, guardian of the keys of Hades and judge of the men of Europe	Aiakos (Αἰακός), former mortal king of Aegina, guardian of the keys of Hades and judge of the men of Europe
		Greek	Kings						Pelias, a king of Iolcus and usurper of Aeson's rightful throne
		Greek	Kings						Car, a king of Megara
Ἀντίνοος	Antinous	Greek	mythological figures			Antinous	Ἀντίνοος	 — one of the most prominent and disrespectful suitors of Penelope during the Odyssey.	Antinous (Ἀντίνοος) — one of the most prominent and disrespectful suitors of Penelope during the Odyssey.
	Euryalus	Greek	mythological figures			Euryalus			Euryalus — The name of several mythological figures.
Ιδαίος	Idaios	Greek	Rustic deities			Idaios	Ιδαίος	 "of Mount Ida"	Idaios (Ιδαίος) "of Mount Ida"
	Dia	Greek	mythological figures			Dia			Dia — mother of Pirithoös.
Ζαγρεύς	Zagreus	Greek	Rustic deities			Zagreus	Ζαγρεύς	, in the Orphic mysteries, the first incarnation of Dionysus	Zagreus (Ζαγρεύς), in the Orphic mysteries, the first incarnation of Dionysus
Μερώπη	Merope	Greek	Sky deities			Merope	Μερώπη		Merope (Μερώπη)
Δημήτηρ	Demeter	Greek	Agricultural deities			Demeter	Δημήτηρ	, goddess of fertility, agriculture, grain, and harvest	Demeter (Δημήτηρ), goddess of fertility, agriculture, grain, and harvest
	Galanthis	Greek	mythological figures			Galanthis			Galanthis — Servant and friend of Alcmene, who foiled Hera's plan to prevent Heracles' birth and was transformed into a weasel in punishment.
	Arisbas	Greek	mythological figures			Arisbas			Arisbas — The name of several mythological figures.
Κορύβαντες	Korybantes	Greek	Rustic deities			Korybantes	Κορύβαντες	, the crested dancers who worshipped Cybele	Korybantes (Κορύβαντες), the crested dancers who worshipped Cybele