source	name	description
Vampires	ALESSANDRO	defender of mankind
Vampires	AMBROGINO	little immortal one
Vampires	AMBROGIO	immortal
Vampires	ARNOLDO	eagle power
Vampires	BALDOVINO	brave friend
Vampires	BALDASSARE	Protect the king
Vampires	BERTOLDO	bright ruler
Vampires	BONAVENTURA	good fortune
Vampires	BONIFACIO	meaning "good destiny
Vampires	CIRINO	like the sun
Vampires	CIRO	like the sun
Vampires	CLEMENTE	gentle and merciful
Vampires	DARIO	possesses a lot
Vampires	DOMENICO	belongs to the lord
Vampires	EDMONDO	protector of prosperity
Vampires	EDOARDO	guardian of prosperity
Vampires	EGIDIO	shield of goatskin
Vampires	ELIGIO	to choose
Vampires	ELIODORO	gift of the sun
Vampires	EMILIO	rival
Vampires	ERMANNO	army man
Vampires	ETTORE	meaning "defender
Vampires	FARAMUNDO	journey protection
Vampires	FINO	burning one or serpent
Vampires	Serafino	burning one or serpent
Vampires	GASPARE	treasure bearer
Vampires	GREGARIO	watchful
Vampires	GUALTIERO	ruler of the army
Vampires	LEANDRO	lion-man
Vampires	MARCO	defender of the sea
Vampires	MASSIMO	the greatest
Vampires	NERIO	wet one
Vampires	NUNZIO	announces
Vampires	ORAZIO	has good eyesight
Vampires	ORFEO	darkness
Vampires	PELLEGRINO	wanderer
Vampires	PONZIO	of the sea
Vampires	RAUL	wise wolf
Vampires	RODOLFO	famous wolf
Vampires	SANSONE	like the sun
Vampires	SILVANO	from the forest
Vampires	TACITO	mute, silent
Vampires	UMFREDO	giant peace
Vampires	ADRASTEIA	inescapable
Vampires	AKANTHA	thorn
Vampires	AKELDAMA	field of blood
Vampires	AMBROSIA	immortal
Vampires	CALLIDORA	gift of beauty
Vampires	DESPOINA	mistress
Vampires	EVA	life
Vampires	IEZABEL	chaste
Vampires	KHARIS	charm / grace
Vampires	KORA	maiden
Vampires	MAIA	nursing mother
Vampires	NARKISSA	numbness / sleep
Vampires	NATÁSA	resurrection
Vampires	NATASSA	resurrection
Vampires	NERINE	sea sprite
Vampires	POLONA	of Apollo
Vampires	SELENE	moon
Vampires	SEMELE	of the underworld
Vampires	THANA	death
Vampires	THYIA	Bacchic frenzy
Vampires	THYONE	inspired frenzy
Mythical Creatures	Alicorn	The name for a winged unicorn.
Mythical Creatures	Banshee	A spirit appearing as a frenzied old woman whose high pitched shriek prophesied a death soon to come.
Mythical Creatures	Basilisk	A legendary lizard who could kill a man with its stare.
Mythical Creatures	Bigfoot	A type of Sasquatch native to North American forests.
Mythical Creatures	Black Dog	An evil spirit dog that stalks city streets at night.
Mythical Creatures	Black Eyed Beings 	They take human form but have black, soulless eyes and emanate a sense of pure evil.
Mythical Creatures	Bogeyman	A semi-corporeal being whose sole purpose is to scare children.
Mythical Creatures	Bogle	A ghostly being whose purpose is to confuse and scare humans and other creatures.
Mythical Creatures	Bray Road Beast 	The nickname for a werewolf-like creature seen multiple times in Wisconsin.
Mythical Creatures	Brownies	Small humanoid creatures wearing all brown clothing who sneak into homes at night to help with household chores.
Mythical Creatures	Centaur 	Half-men, half-horse creatures that ran wild and unruly.
Mythical Creatures	Cerberus 	The three-headed dog that guards the entrance to Hades.
Mythical Creatures	Charybdis 	The whirlpool on one side of the Strait of Messina that swallowed ships that came too close to it.
Mythical Creatures	Chimera 	Part-lion, part-goat, part-snake	all monster.
Mythical Creatures	Cockatrice	A flying part-rooster/part-snake that could kill with its stare.
Mythical Creatures	Cyclops	The one-eyed giant who captured and ate people.
Mythical Creatures	Cynocephalus 	A member of an ancient race of men with the heads of dogs.
Mythical Creatures	Demon 	Malevolent spirits of Hell who battle humans for control of their souls.
Mythical Creatures	Doppelganger 	Apparitions of people that occur in impossible situations.
Mythical Creatures	Dragon	Giant, flying, fire-breathing lizards who often guard treasure.
Mythical Creatures	Dwarf	A short, stalky humanoid who live in underground mining communities.
Mythical Creatures	Echidna 	The snake-woman who became the mother of most Greek monsters.
Mythical Creatures	Elf	A race of pointy-eared humanoids who excel in magic and archery.
Mythical Creatures	Fairy 	A small, flying humanoid with magical abilities.
Mythical Creatures	Ghosts	Spirits of the dead whose souls remain in the realm of the living.
Mythical Creatures	Gnome	A small, humanoid creature who lives and moves beneath the earth.
Mythical Creatures	Goblin	A grotesque, troublesome little creature with a strong greed for gold and jewels.
Mythical Creatures	Golem 	Magically animated human-shaped creatures typically made of solid stone.
Mythical Creatures	Gorgon	The snake-haired and snake-bodied humanoid that was created in its mother's image. Its stare could turn a person to stone. Medusa became one of these creatures in a later myth.
Mythical Creatures	Griffin 	A creature with the body of a lion, the tail of a snake, and the head and wings of an eagle.
Mythical Creatures	Grim Reaper	The embodiment of death itself, the Grim Reaper comes to take your soul to the afterlife.
Mythical Creatures	Hobgoblin	A type of Brownie who is inherently less helpful and more mischievous, even to the point of causing harm if antagonized.
Mythical Creatures	Hydra	The nine-headed serpent who grew two new heads for every one that was cut off.
Mythical Creatures	Imp	Small, mischievous creatures who liked to play pranks on people.
Mythical Creatures	Ladon (Python)	The snake that guarded the golden apples in the Garden of the Hesperides.
Mythical Creatures	Leprechauns	Small, bearded men who have a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.
Mythical Creatures	Loch Ness Monster	The elusive sea-monster from the Loch Ness in Scotland.
Mythical Creatures	Manticore 	A mythical beast with a lion's body and a human's head.
Mythical Creatures	Medusa	A disciple of Athena who was turned into a gorgon.  She had the hair of snakes and could turn men to stone with her gaze.
Mythical Creatures	Mermaids 	Sea creatures with the head and torso of a woman and the tail of a fish.
Mythical Creatures	Minotaur 	The creature with the head and legs of a bull and the torso of a man, who guarded the exit to The Labyrinth.
Mythical Creatures	Mothman 	A winged creature in the shape of a man with hypnotic red eyes sighted in West Virginia.
Mythical Creatures	Mutants 	A term describing abnormal creatures created by genetic or environmental mutations.
Mythical Creatures	Nemean Lion 	The giant lion with impenetrable hide who becomes the constellation Leo.
Mythical Creatures	New Jersey Devil 	A flying creature with a high-pitched scream and a horse-like head native to the New Jersey Pine Barrens.
Mythical Creatures	Nymph	Divine female nature spirits who inhabit certain natural sites.
Mythical Creatures	Ogre	An ugly, oversized humanoid creature with great physical strength and little intelligence.
Mythical Creatures	Orthros 	The two-headed monster dog.
Mythical Creatures	Pegasus	Technically the proper name of Bellerophon's winged horse, which became the general name for winged horses.
Mythical Creatures	Phoenix	The golden bird who, at the end of its life, burst into flames only to be reborn again.
Mythical Creatures	Pixie	A small humanoid creature with pointy ears who likes to cause mischief.
Mythical Creatures	Sasquatch	Large, hairy, man-like beasts that live in the woods.
Mythical Creatures	Satyr	Half-men, half-goats who were wild and lustful.  The god Pan was one of these.
Mythical Creatures	Scylla 	The man-eating beast that lived on the opposite side of the Strait of Messina from Charybdis.
Mythical Creatures	Sea Monsters	The generic term for several breeds of water-based monsters.
Mythical Creatures	Sea-Goat 	The half-goat, half-fish who are the children of Pricus, who becomes the constellation Capricorn.
Mythical Creatures	Shade	The ghosts of dead people before they are admitted entrance to Hades.
Mythical Creatures	Shapeshifters 	Humans who can willingly take the form of an animal while maintaining their consciousness.
Mythical Creatures	Sirens 	Man-eating beautiful women whose song compels men to them.
Mythical Creatures	Sphinx	The half-human, half-lion that forces those it meets to answer its riddles, or die.
Mythical Creatures	Sprite	A category of elemental, fairy-like spirits, invisible to humans (a Sylph is one of these).
Mythical Creatures	Sylph	An invisible, fairy-like being dedicated to the element of air.
Mythical Creatures	Thunderbird 	A giant bird that creates storms with its wings.
Mythical Creatures	Typhon 	The fire-breathing giant who challenged Zeus for control of Mount Olympus. Also the father of most Greek monsters.
Mythical Creatures	Unicorn 	A magical horse with a single horn on its forehead.
Mythical Creatures	Valkyries	Mythical Norse female divinities who choose heroes to die in battle and carry them to the great Valhalla.
Mythical Creatures	Vampire 	Legend's most charming bloodsucker gets a whole section of this website all to itself.
Mythical Creatures	Wendigo 	An evil spirit that possesses humans and turns them into cannibals.
Mythical Creatures	Will-o'-the-wisp 	Strange flame-like lights that seem to beckon travelers to follow.
Mythical Creatures	Werewolf 	Human by day, wolf by night.
Mythical Creatures	Wraith	Evil spirits of the dead who are trapped on Earth.
Mythical Creatures	Zombie 	The living dead who feed on human flesh.
